---
layout: post
title: "Friday, April 19, 2002"
datestr: April 19, 2002
mtid: 35
permalink: /saga/35.html
---

Rain today. Thunderstorms. It lasted about half hour, but of course, I was
coming home at that time. The wind was so fierce that the bodega on the corner
had all its fruit stands blown into the street. No rain came in here, fortunately.

Andy's last day in NYC was Wednesday. Diane's last day in NYC was today. They
are both with the company until 4/30, but they will both be in London for the
duration. Two more gone.

I'm going to do N+I in Vegas. 7 days there.

Hot water was out yesterday all day after 9 AM. They were doing plumbing work.
Hopefully this time, it will actually fix whatever the hell is the problem is
with the hot water on every other Monday morning.

I think I got a cup of "high test" coffee today. I couldn't sleep
last night, finally getting an hour and a half. I'd forgotten how much that
stuff messed me up. Today I'm walking around like a zombie most of the time.
It isn't even 10 PM now, and I'm ready to crash.

Bought lunch for Eric the travel agent. In thanks for taking care of Mom's
trip, and my December trip, and other trips. Figaro's, a mid-rent Italian place
on 44th. I've been there before, because it is close to the Royalton, Phil Tee's
favorite hotel, but only for drinks.

Blew a fuse on the living room air conditioner circuit tonight. No replacement
fuses anywhere I can find them. So I'm hiding out in the bedroom with that air
going, playing Sims and Civ. I was going to watch movies tonight.

I caught a Saturday Night Live on E! tonight, while eating dinner. The original
shows were exceedingly funny. They were also dangerous, and maybe more funny
because of that. Comedy Central isn't even showing the first 6 seasons of SNL,
they start in '81.

