---
layout: post
title: "Tuesday, December 31, 2002 (sorta)"
datestr: December 31, 2002
mtid: 103
permalink: /saga/103.html
---

The annual New Year's Eve party is tonight. Normally this is a multi-day party,
and is actually two events usually held on the same night. This year, because
new years day is Wednesday, these two events are actually on separate nights
this year. The New Year's Even party is tonight, and the "convention"
is on the following weekend.

So,
tonight is the New Year's Even Party. It is the "Over Dresser's Anonymous"
night. Not something I do, not more than once a decade any way, but a lot of
fhen enjoy getting duded up, and arriving at a fhandom event wearing tuxes and
evening gowns. There is usually one night at most events set aside for this,
and tonight is that night.

The
curse of using a film camera struck hard tonight too. I had 30 exposures left
on a roll of Fuji Velvia in the Nikon. I didn't want to shoot slow slide film
tonight, so I blew as many frames on Robby as I had time to before just rewinding
the roll 10 frames short of finished. I have got switch to digital soon as I
can. 

Robby
is Al and Diane's dog. He's a friendly dog, good looking, and a total airhead.
Course, his lack of brain cells had nothing to do with the fact that he wouldn't
stand still to be photographed. That is just how shooting animals works. But
I still managed to get some good shots, more or less.

I'm trying out a new film tonight. Fuji NPZ, an ISO 800 film. I'm hoping that
this fast film, and my fast 50mm/f1.4 prime lens will mean I don't have to use
flash much at the party. Don't laugh, it is a nice plan.

