---
layout: post
title: "Wednesday, December 11, 2002"
datestr: December 11, 2002
mtid: 95
permalink: /saga/95.html
---

Back from Chicago last night, just in time for Network Sudz, which was a good
time. Sudz was at the New York Yacht Club, one of those stuffy, upper-crust,
clubs that a guy with hair as long as mine probably can't get into except for
something like this. The staff of the place pulled me aside at one point and
asked how I managed to maintain hair like mine in the corporate world. I told
them I was very, very, good at what I do.

We were in the "Model Room" of the club, which has an incredible
collection of models of assorted yachts and other boats. It was also very ornately
decorated. Rates as a very cool room, on the Wook Scale of Things.

I almost thought I was going to miss Sudz this time, because I managed to loose
my driver's license at airport security. I was carrying too many things when
I went through security, so the lady that looked at my ticket to make sure I
could go through, put my license in the ticket jacket, and I put that in my
inner pocket of the my sport coat. When I got tagged by the metal detector and
had to take off my jacket so they could search it, it must have fallen out.
I noticed it was gone just before boarding, when I was getting myself ready.
Fortunately, I figured what must have happened, and was hoping it had been picked
up by security at the check point. It was. They had it. Disaster averted.

On another note, I was carrying a Sentry with me. This is a cardboard box about
the size of a 4 slice toaster. No longer will I carry these things around with
me. If I can't FedEx it, I ain't going to have one with me. Just that one extra
box was to much, given that I already had a trench coat I had to hang onto,
and my computer bag.

I had to use my laptop on Monday extensively, and I wasn't sure I was going
to have enough juice in it to do demos on Tuesday morning. Fortunately, I didn't
need it Tuesday.

Monday night, had dinner with Mark from Predictive, who was taking me to this
customer thing on Tuesday morning. We hung at a bar called Donovan's in Chicago
that serves $1 burgers. The trick of course is that cheese is another 75 cents.
But still, a buck-seventy-five for a decent burger and a pile of fries isn't
a bad deal at all. I had two.

Today I was going to spend at home, hanging out and doing nothing, to make
up for getting up Really Early Monday and Tuesday. But Paul is in town, so I'm
going to go into The City and hang with him this evening.

