---
layout: post
title: "Tuesday, October 22, 2002"
datestr: October 22, 2002
mtid: 75
permalink: /saga/75.html
---

Susan had this to say about yesterday's update, specifically about the aquarium
(I presume):

> should get the damn fish already and we could make our own sushi 

So now, in addition to being pushy, she's cruel. Man, you think you know your
friends...

Anyway, Donguri didn't burn down or suffer any other mishap, so Susan and I
had dinner. The food and atmosphere were incredible. I was completely sure that
Susan would love the place, and I think she did. We both had the Blue Fin Toro
Sashimi, which melts in your mouth the same way butter does. Then I had steak
(incredibly tasty) and Susan had a fish special the name of which I've already
spaced off, but which was also very good.

Donguri is very small, and highly, um, "cultural". It is a hugely
nice little restaurant tucked into a side street of the Upper East Side.

Very cool.

In "web housekeeping news", it should be noted that on the <a href="index.html">index
page for this journal</a>, I forgot to put in the link for October (this page).
The upshot of that missing link is that this page wasn't easy to find, and suddenly
appeared out of nowhere with almost a full month's stuff on it. No, you guys
aren't way behind. It is the result of a silly little oversight.

My friend Gerry, who has flipped me a fair amount of crap for silly little
oversights like this in the past, didn't even notice. It must be noted, paybacks
are fun, sometimes.

Also, on the one-way mirror in Minneapolis, my friend Jon had this to say:

> Oh come on! In MINNESOTA?

I also sent email to Erin asking if she actually saw this, because it sounded
like an urban legend. Her reply:

> This is how I found out. I was in the bathroom doing my lipstick, about to
> powder my nose, when my new friend Eric said "Hi Erin, that's so cool that
> I can see you in the bathroom!" I looked around in panic, not seeing anybody,
> but then Eric got really close to the mirror on his side, and suddenly his
> face became crystal clear. I ran around into the men's restroom, and sure
> enough, they have glass above their sinks that looks at the women's sinks,
> whereas the women see their own reflection (unless somebody gets really close
> to the glass on the other side). I'll draw you a diagram next time I see you,
> but generally speaking, the windows are shaped something like this /\/\/\
> with the light being much brighter on the ladies side. I've seen it with my
> own eyes! ;)

Erin isn't the kind to make this kind of thing up, so I think we might have
a real, live, tourist attraction here.
