---
layout: post
title: "Wednesday, December 18, 2002"
datestr: December 18, 2002
---

I've been cleaning up the apartment yesterday and today. The aquarium is now
down, and almost ready to be moved to the back room so the living room can be
painted. Just have to get the last few bits of gravel out of it.

I've got parts of the stereo back up and running. Just the amp, pre-amp, and
DVD deck, with the TiVo hooked into it as well. The CD player is toast, and
I am not sure I will plug the tuner or cassette deck back into it. The DVD deck
will do CDs, so I can do music. I probably won't notice the DVD player's less
than stellar sound, since my room isn't a good one for audio.

I'm back to using 3 remote controls again.

I'm boxing up all the old stereo stuff that I don't use any more either. The
NAD 3400 (broken), the Sony CDP-C75ES (unfixable), Marantz CC-65SE (flooded,
dead), and the Onkyo TA-2058 (works, but no front panel lights). There is also
a Nakamichi cassette tape deck that I will, come to think of it, put on the
stereo system. Or maybe I'll put it on the computer, and digitize some of the
tapes I don't want to loose.

As part of the stereo thing, I cleaned up all the paint and plaster that has
fallen off the ceiling and wall. I also pulled as much damaged paint off the
wall with my hands that I could, to prevent any more from falling down until
it gets fixed next month. The damage goes from halfway across the ceiling, all
the way to the floor. The baseboards look damaged too. I doubt any of this will
be fixed correctly by the slumlord, er... landlord. But I have to let them try.

I found a Palm V I thought I threw away. Or maybe it isn't the one that I threw
away. Who knows.

