---
layout: post
title: "Monday, July 22, 2002"
datestr: July 22, 2002
mtid: 50
permalink: /saga/50.html
---

Productive day, in all truth. Got some work done. Also shopped for groceries.
And cleaning supplies. Gonna do me some cleaning.

Here is still something surreal: I have a list of people who want to know when
I'm in town or not.

I got some new tunes while on the Trip Across This Great Country Of Ours.

 "Hybrid Theory" by Linkin Park. I really like this one. Very heavy
alternative, with some rap elements on some songs. Quite a bit of variation
in songs, so it remains interesting through the whole disc. Quite tasty.

 "Transistor" by 311. Another heavy alternative band. This CD is
from 98. I dislike the title song, track 1, "Transistor", but the
rest of this disc is varied and also quite tasty. Not as good as Linkin Park's
effort, but very nice.

2 from Moby, the older "Play", and the newer "18". "Play"
is famous because Moby managed to license every song on it. Never been done
before. I find the first 11 or so songs interesting and everything after that
forgettable. I liked only the first song on "18". An interesting thing
is that now that I own two CDs by Moby, I'll never have to get another one.
His whole routine is predictable: One sampled vocal thing repeated over and
over, along with a cool-sounding audio effect, a nice dance, drum machine pattern,
assorted fill arrangements, and maybe lyrics. Instant Moby song.

Which isn't to say I didn't like "Play". I listened to it many times
on The Drive. I just won't need any more Moby, unless he changes style in a
major way.

