---
layout: post
title: "Wednesday, June 5, 2002"
datestr: June 05, 2002
mtid: 42
permalink: /saga/42.html
---

Just got back from "Attack of the Clones".

My expectation with Episode II was that it probably couldn't be any worse than
Episode I was. As such, I would say that Clones lived up to my expectations.

In fact, despite some of its problems, I actually liked it. Yes, just like
the 8 guys behind me, I spent the whole first hour laughing. Yes, I believe
that you can miss the whole first hour of the movie and still be able to understand
what is going on in the second half. Yes, George Lucas apparently can't find
an Anakin that can act. (Or maybe he can't find one that won't over-act.)

But I liked it.

Jar-Jar's part was understated, and he didn't annoy me in the least. There
was no cute, fuzzy, and silly creature to play comedy-relief/marketing ploy
to those with weak minds and/or more patience than I have.

Seeing Yoda finally kick some ass almost had me in tears of joy. I mean, you
KNOW he has to be capable of it. And now that he is totally computer graphics,
it is possible to actually see the master in action. Again, I found myself enjoying
seeing Real Jedi in action, not that weak-ass shit Luke was capable of.

After seeing what C3PO has been through, I think he has earned the right, by
the time we get back to IV, V, and VI, to be the whiner that he is. Especially
since he has to deal with that insolent little R2D2. Luke never earns the right
to be the whining little shit that he is.

I find myself actually looking forward to Episode III. Seeing the twins (we
know there are twins, remember?) being hidden from their father, who is being
seduced by the dark side (we know he does, remember?), and turning into Darth
Vader (yeah, yeah, yeah), is going to complete the whole thing. Yes, it is going
to seem telegraphed, because we know what has to happen. Danger of doing prequels.
Get over it.

In other news, the damage to the ceiling is just that of paint. Once it has
dried out enough to stop falling on the floor, it will just need to be re-painted.
The trick will be getting the job done by an actual professional painter, not
the idiot that painted me into my apartment by painting my door shut over the
weekend.

