---
layout: post
title: "Friday, March 22, 2002"
datestr: March 22, 2002
mtid: 27
permalink: /saga/27.html
---

Got a new Palm yesterday. A Palm m515. Just took it out of the box today. (Yesterday's
taking it out of the box doesn't count, because I didn't DO anything with it.)

I plugged my old Palm V cradle into the iMac and did a hotsync so that I'd
have current data to upgrade with. The hotsync worked, then the finder started
quitting. This is the reason I got the m515. I've not had much luck with synching
a serial Palm with a USB Mac. On The Beast (it is back to being called "The
Beast" now) the V's serial to USB adapter causes a Darwin kernel panic.

Anyway, I'm in the process of upgrading Palm Desktop on the iMac in OS 9. The
OS X version isn't really ready yet. For one thing, Hotsync doesn't work with
Classic running, which means I couldn't Hotsync while writing my web sites in
Dreamweaver.

So, the list of things I can't do on The Beast is up to: running the scanner
and synching my Palm. Which while annoying, is a far smaller list than I was
prepared for.

Last night the "party 'til we melt down" social schedule continued.
Mat's Bar and Grill, on 8th Ave. just above 55th. Good solid, American food.
We moved to the Heartland Brewery, where I drank more, and later, than I intended.
Figured. 

I've had just about enough alcohol for a while. A long while. Tonight I had
dinner at the Carnegie Deli, and then came home to write this, get the new Pilot
working, and then read a book. Tomorrow I am planning a massage (trying out
a new therapist), and a trip to J&amp;R to get some stuff for me and Marc.

