---
layout: post
title: "Partying, RiverSoft Style..."
datestr: March 20, 2002
mtid: 26
permalink: /saga/26.html
---

Going to be a lush week. Party time. Phil was in town for two days. John from
IT, and the accountants are all here too.

 So let us detail Monday night.

 The above, plus others from the office (you know, the usual suspects). We
met at the Royalton Hotel for a few drinks, then went across the street to a
Japanese place that served acceptable Sushi to us in a quick, efficient, but
rude way.

 Then, the Andys, Jules, Mel, Phil, John, and I went to The Whiskey, a "Bar
and Screening Room" downstairs at the W Hotel in Times Square. An overly
trendy place, where the bouncers all wore 3/4 length, black, leather jackets.
I spent the whole time trying to figure out if they were packing under the jackets,
and wondering what they will be wearing in August. The Whiskey is only semi-dark,
with the effect of being darker than it really is. It has a giant Wall O' Movie
Screen, showing a movie I couldn't identify, with no sound. The DJ was playing
some interesting stuff, some of which wasn't really danceable, which I appreciated;
sometimes it is nice to just listen to music. The waitresses had that thinness
that I associate with the "cocaine and carrots" diet usually seen
in strippers. Which isn't to say that they weren't nice to look at anyway.

 Anyway...

 We found a spot to sit, kind of in view of everyone who was going in and out
of the place, without really being in the traffic pattern ourselves. A nice
spot, really.

 The clientele of this bar are all pretty much travelers or couples out on
a night on the town who aren't actually from the city. No real New Yorker goes
anywhere near Times Square if they can help it. So while there were some beautiful
people here, Whiskey Blue in the other W Hotel on Lexington is far better looking.
However, the people in this bar are, for the most part, real people, where the
Whiskey Blue crowd is mostly not very real at all. This means you can talk to
the people in The Whiskey, and maybe have an actual conversation.

 Anyway, we had a place to sit. Jules started us playing a college drinking
game she called "Dare, Dare, Double Dare, Kiss, Truth, or Promise".
This is basically "Truth or Dare", with a few extra redundant options.
While sophomoric, it fit the mood of the group, and we all pretty much played
along. It was fun.

Highlights:

* Jules was dared to take off her bra and hang it on a lamp on the wall behind
us. She did, taking it off under her shirt and holding it up to the lamp just
long enough for photos to be taken. (Mel has the photos, I'll try to get some
incriminating evidence up in the gallery next week.) The bouncers watched
this whole thing intently; presumably to make sure the bra did not stay on
the lamp.

* Phil kissed Andy C. He kissed Mel's neck. He also kissed John.

* I kissed Jule's neck. Despite saying that she enjoyed it, she used the word
"gnawed", which really isn't the word I would have used to describe
the effect I was going for.

* Jules was dared by Phil to select someone's shoe, and a shot, and then drink
the shot out of the shoe. After asking us all how old our shoes were, and
a visual inspection, and ordering a shot of Southern Comfort (Ewwww!), she
drank the shot out of Phil's boot. The shot soaked into the inside of the
boot, so when she tipped the boot back to drink deeply thereof... nothing
came out. A little while later, in a show of karma like I've never seen before,
the bouncers asked Phil to please wear his boot, which he'd been waiting to
dry.

* Andy was dared to kiss all 4 walls on a pillar in front of our couch. He
did, and he did it With Feeling. One word: "Damn!"

* Andy wanted to get tequila shots for everyone, and ordered same. Then it
turned out that 7 shots cost 63 bux, so he used his credit card, which didn't
work. He came back over and I loaned him some money, which he later returned
saying they'd take the shots off the bar. Shortly thereafter, he was dared
to break dance on the lit floor in the entryway of the club. After having
to be shown how, he did a reasonable spin on his back. That is when the bartender
noticed him, and pointed him out to the bouncers, who pulled him aside and
talked to him. They explained that a drink, once ordered, must be paid for.
So I loaned him the money for the tequila shots again. Andy spilled three
of them before I could get one; which was fine by me since I was mostly out
of play by then anyway, just nursing a "last" beer.

* Mel was dared to flirt with a dude at the end of the bar. He ended up coming
back and sitting down with us (he thought our group had smokes, and our group
was hoping he had smokes). He got dared to kiss me, which he did, on the cheek,
in a reasonably executed stage kiss.

On the way home, there was some drama of a "could be bad" sort.

As we walked across 6th Avenue on the way back to their hotels, two guys in
a clapped-out car asked the time. All of us, I think, answered without looking
at our watches: "3 o'clock". Then the guy on our side of the car (not
the driver) motioned a "come closer". Jules was halfway to the car
when Phil, John and I all said "Jules, No!" She says the spell of
trust was broken when she turned and looked back at us. She scurried back behind
us, and we all walked away down 47th. As we walked away, we heard them saying
something about not having (or maybe wanting) money.

For those wondering, one of two things could have happened had Jules made
it to within reach of the dude in the car. Jules could have been pulled into
the car, and abducted. This could have been done right there in front of us,
before we could do anything about it. It happens. The second is that they could
have held her at gun or knifepoint, and demanded all our money.

I suppose the third thing is that they were legit. Or at least, they were
as legit as you can be while selling drugs, which they probably wouldn't want
to do yelling 20 feet to the sidewalk.

All three of these things are apparently problems in London as well.

I figured Phil could take care of himself. John can too, I figure. But I still
walked John and the ladies back to the Omni.

This morning, I was very okay. I awoke at a "normal time", to make
a phone call at 8 AM. This would be after getting less than 3 hours of sleep.
The call wasn't actually until 9, of course. If I'd been smart I'd have gone
and picked up my laundry, but I just read e-mail and surfed the web until 9:20,
when Stewart and Sarah called.

Today in the office, I talked to Tim the CEO. I was asking about the company,
but it came around to me. Tim had some interesting things to say. I have a very
interesting talk coming up with Marc.

Tonight, we had dinner with the crowd from work. Phil and Mel both left today.
But 7 of us had dinner at Nocello, on 55th just West of 8th. It was good Italian.
I choose a filet mignon special because I was curious about the "mustard
sauce". The sauce was interesting, but it took some getting used to. It
was on the ragged edge of overpowering. But good.

There is apparently another night out, of some type, tomorrow. I might blow
it off. I've already done 4 nights out in the last 5 (if you count the completely
tame night tonight). I'd rather not find out how far I can take this before
it catches up with me.
