---
layout: post
title: "Tuesday, November 12, 2002"
datestr: November 12, 2002
mtid: 84
permalink: /saga/84.html
---

Another word of explanation about the Des Moines trip is in order, since "Went
to Des Moines yesterday to play pitch" doesn't really convey what really
happened.

It starts at 2:07 PM on Saturday (the 9th) when I got an email from Al and
Diane that said, in part:

> The worst was when Jaime planned for Louis, Al and I to get with her for
> pitch tonight, and we needed a fifth. I was really tempted all week to email
> you and say you had to make an emergency trip to Des Moines to play pitch.
> It would have been almost funny enough to make it worth your time and money
> to come.

The thing is, of course, that it **IS IN FACT** funny enough to
make it worth my time and money to go to DSM.

So, I called Al and Diane to find out what the deal was. Turns out a fifth
had been found in the person of Tammy. But they were pretty sure that they could
fit me in for a game or two.

Just for info here, "pitch" is, in this case, "Five-hand, twelve-point,
call your partner, pitch". Its fun, fast, and easily played while just
a little drunk.

Anyway, I hung up on Al and Diane, and called United Airlines and Hertz. Then
I called Al and Diane back, and asked them if I could crash for the night at
their house, and found out where the game was being played. The cost? A bunch
of frequent flyer miles from United, a few bux for Hertz, and I stayed the Dunlop-Horman
Hotel (where I feel like family).

So, by 3 PM, I was going to Des Moines. I took a 5 PM flight out of LGA, changed
planes at O'Hare, and landed at DSM at 8:45. I was in my rental car by 8:55,
when I called <a href="http://www.dmweb.com/sfood/felix&oscars/default.htm">Felix
&amp; Oscars</a> and made an order to be picked up. I picked up my pizza at
9:30, and was at Dave and Jaime's for the card game at 9:40, roughly 8 hours
after I read Diane's email.

Everyone was surprised to see me, except Al and Diane, who'd been having a
real problem keeping the secret. I'm not sure why they are always surprised
to see me show up out of the blue. It's not like this is the first time it's
happened. It is the third, in fact.

Then I had to drive out into the wilds of NJ again yesterday to visit a customer.
After the late arrival Sunday night, I really wasn't ready for that. But up
early I was, and rent another car and drive for two hours I did. It was a good
trip though.

Maybe that is why today feels like it should be Monday.

