---
layout: post
title: "Sunday, July 28, 2002"
datestr: July 28, 2002
mtid: 53
permalink: /saga/53.html
---

So.

Here I sit. Trying to think of what I should type in here. But I'm suffering
from a case of the "fuckits".

I have to fly to Buffalo NY later today. I really should make my arrangements.
Call the travel agency, and buy my way onto an airplane that will take me to
the armpit of the US. Or one of the armpits of the US. (There are a few.)

There is a RiverSoft wake on the 31st. In London. I want to go, but doing so
will be really hard to pull off. Have to talk to Paul.

I recovered all the music I lost when I had my little trash accident on The
Beast. I was going to put a link to the story of the "Trash Accident",
but it would seem I never mentioned it.

I had a problem emptying my trash, and when I followed Apples directions of
forcing the trash to empty out, everything on one of my hard drives vanished.
That included all my MP3 files in iTunes, and all the raw digital pictures I've
ever taken. I had a backup of the pictures on a couple of CDs, but I lost the
most recent ones that I'd taken of DemiCon 13.

This is actually one of the reasons I'm willing to switch back into the analogue
world of film photography. The developing can include a PhotoCD, which is the
backup for the digital stuff. The downside of PhotoCD: scanning isn't as good
for picture quality as digital, and you have to find someone that will do the
scans correctly. There is also an issue of the type of PhotoCD itself. Kodak
is what I thought everyone did, but I have yet to get an actual Kodak PhotoCD.
Mostly what I get is someone's system of scanning photos onto CD, with some
supporting stuff for viewing the pictures. Actual Kodak PhotoCD's have a special
file format that includes many different sized scans of the photos. You don't
always want the highest resolution possible, because at some point you will
start seeing the grain of the film, which you don't want.

Anyway, back to recovering music. Why back of MP3s? I do not have a mass storage
system capable of backing up more than a couple hundred megabytes before I get
tired of it. But still, ripping and encoding 750 tracks off 100 CDs is kinda
a pain. But after I'd done a few, I realized I had a backup of all that music.
On my iPod.

You can't see the music files on an iPod from the Mac finder when the iPod
is plugged in. But, at the command line, you can.

Remember, this is Mac OS X 10.1.5 here. There is now a command line, and it
sees all.

So, I do a simple:

    cd /Volumes/Rear/iPod/iPod_Control/Music

and in a bunch of folders with names like "F00" are all the MP3 files
I used to have in iTunes.

So a simple:

    mkdir /Volumes/Rear/recover
    cp */*.mp3 /Volumes/Rear/recover

Puts all the MP3 files in the iPod onto the Beast in a single folder.

When I started up iTunes, it immediately deleted all the files on the iPod
that weren't in the iTunes library. Then it copied back the few files that were
in the library. Basically, blowing away everything I'd just copied out of the
iPod. (I haven't plugged the iPod into the Mac in a month or two, because I
knew this would happen.)

So then, I just imported all the songs from the recover folder back into iTunes,
which immediately synced them into the iPod.

And life is good.

Well, doing all that, and relating it here for all of you, has improved my
mood. Time to take a shower, and get a move on.

Just don't think about Buffalo

