---
layout: post
title: "The Move - Day 7 (Saturday)"
datestr: December 20, 2003
mtid: 274
redirect_from:
  - /saga/274.html
---

It has occurred to me today, that I need to know where the TV will go, before Time Warner comes on Monday to hook me back up to the world of entertainment and network access.  I know the cable modem can go in the office.  But the rest of it, I'm not sure about.  Guess I'm going to have to move stuff around tonight and tomorrow.

I've stared drawing a new map.  I'm astounded that I can't find any actual floor plan software for the Mac.  Drafting apps, yes.  Actual floor plan programs, no.

I have a cold.  I'm a little hung over.  At least, I might be hung over.  It might be the cold instead.  I hung out last night with Alison and Noa from work.  Actually, I hung out with Alison, and her friend Scott.  Noa left not long after I got there.

I relate this, because the plan for the day was blinds or something to cover the windows.  It didn't happen.  I did go buy more hardware store stuff.  A heat gun is the big item.  I plan on removing the paint from the doors, and see if I can fix them myself.  I was going to get a blow-torch for that, but I figure I might be able to avoid burning the whole building down with just a heat gun.

Now that I'm getting into this, I'm thinking that I should just re-do this whole apartment.  I have enough rooms that I could live without any one room for a couple of weeks.  I could strip paint, sand, patch, and re-paint in colors I'd actually want.

There are just two things stopping me: I'm only renting, and I do not have the interior decorating gene.

I also got picture hanging hardware.  So the process of finding homes for the Hall and Chihulie will start this weekend.  I also need to get moving on where to put the aquarium.  It looks nice in the dining room, but if I use that room as the stereo room, then the aquarium will be in the way.  I have a little time, there is no way I'm going to start on the aquarium project until February, due to schedules and stuff.

I need to get a filing cabinet or two.  I need about 6 bookselves.  The place up Broadway from here says they can make exactly what I want for about $130 a shot.  That's high for what I want, and would be particle board with laminate.  I had half a mind to start purchasing real wood furniture to match the Dunlavey speakers.  I.E. Natural cherry wood.  If I'm going to get crap, I'll get it in black, like all the other crap I own.

I've been here a week, and I still don't know if the door buzzer works, or if I just don't know what it sounds like.

