---
layout: post
title: "Hmmm..."
datestr: March 26, 2003
mtid: 137
redirect_from:
  - /saga/137.html
---

Found the following <a href="http://www.sashadesign.com/comments/609/">over here</a>:
<blockquote>You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, the Swiss hold the America's Cup, France is accusing the US of arrogance and Germany doesn't want to go to war.</blockquote>

There is a little hate in there, but when I think about it, I like the quote.  The world is changing.  The world MUST change.  "To each according to his abilities goes the spoils of war", or something like that.  That the best rapper is white, and the best golfer is black, means we have moved forward.  Once upon a time, and not all that long ago either, racial stereotypes would have made this impossible.

France being arrogant will continue, but they are completely justified in calling the kettle black just now.  Going to war is not something anyone sane does, so by that standard, Germany is doing okay these days.

So I'd say by my standards, the world is doing just fine.

How do I square that statement with the fact that the president has taken my country to a war that his intelligence and military advisors advised against, well... What can I say.  Dubya is a dickhead, but we gave him the power with our fucked-up electoral process.  He can use that power for good or evil as he sees fit, though it is obvious that he isn't fit to wield that power.  That power is his to use until we remove him.

But this war isn't going to affect the common man very much, so long as Iraq doesn't suddenly get alies willing to fight for it.  Yes, there will be reprisals against us.  Shit will get blowed up real good and people will be dead.  But people die all the time for reasons no better or worse than our imperialism pissing people off.  There are just to many of us to kill, the survivors will continue to live their lives, have children, work, eat, sleep, breath.

So yes.  Life is good, and I'm happy to be living it.

