---
layout: post
title: "Journal Now In MT"
datestr: March 14, 2003
mtid: 115
redirect_from:
  - /saga/115.html
---

After working on it for a couple of hours tonight, I have all the journal items from the old site in MT.  If you care, click on the link to see to see how that process worked out.

If, by some chance, for whatever reason, you have links to the old journal pages, or links to the entries in the journal pages, they should still be right were they were left.  I'm kind of proud of that, even though it wasn't that hard.

The Journal index page has been converted to a bunch of calendars.  That page will get some descriptive text, and other beautifying later.  I will also fix the part where the calendars line up funny.  I'm also considering putting a year per page, and that will allow me to make the calendars go in descending order, rather than the somewhat counter-intuitive arrangement they are in now.

Quite a few links are broken.  About half of them because the other end moved. Links back to this site have a 50/50 chance of still working.  I also need to fix a few images.

The links to the individual archive pages (under /saga) where you could post comments if I had them turned on, are not reachable due to an incredibly dain-bramaged way that MT "chooses archives".  I am sure I can get around this, but the fix isn't elegant, which offends me a little.  (The rest of MT is pretty cool, but this one feature is just WRONG.)

Some of the calendars are missing numbers for days where there are more than one post, and one of the posts isn't a journal entry.  I thought I had this problem fixed too, but it came back and won't go away.  The obvious fix doesn't seem to work, even though I think it should.

