---
layout: post
title: "Why I Am Still Who I Am"
datestr: June 19, 2003
---

Almost 11 years ago now, a nice, quiet, midwest boy moved to the big city, and took up residence in an apartment so small it doesn't even qualify for the term "apartment".  Within a few weeks of landing, he signed up for a shell account on a public access UNIX system called Panix.  The boy found out about Panix from a Usenix listing his brother gave him.

That chance connection is still alive and well today.

The term ISP didn't even exist then.  The world wide web didn't exist then.  Panix was a public access UNIX system, and when you dialed in, you got a terminal session, like you'd get with any BBS, only Panix wasn't in color and didn't have fancy menus made of ASCII graphics.  Panix was a Sun, SparcStation 2, if I remember correctly.  Not even an UltraSparc 2.  The recent trauma for the users had been the recent conversion from an Apple IIfx running AUX, the Apple brand of UNIX.  The link to the Internet was a 56K DS0 to UUNet, recently upgraded from a very busy 14.4 kbps modem link.

I have seen Panix grow.  I saw all the times when they had to stop accepting users because the phone company (NyTel, then NyNex, then Bell Atlantic, now Verizon) could not deliver telephone lines if you paid them.  Which, oddly enough, you had to do to not receive your phone lines.  I saw them grow into 3 machines, then a Whole Bunch.  When Sun bought Mark Williams, Coherent OS, and Sun tried to convince everyone to move to the new Solaris, Panix wasn't that dumb.  (We all thought Coherent was nice, and would someday make a really good UNIX OS, but nobody would have run a money-making venture on it.)  Now days, they run on NetBSD.  They have staff.  I remember when Panix was two guys who had to drive to Park Slope to reboot the box every now and then.  They were aided and abetted by a collection of volunteers.

I used ftp to get files for OS/2 or whatever I was using, and used Zmodem to get those files to my PC.  Then I used gopher.  Then Alexis posted something about this "www" thing, and how they had added a www program called lynx, and that they'd pointed it by default to the U of Minnesota home page.  I had NO IDEA what "www", "lynx", "URL", or "home page" meant at the time.  I learned a while later that "www" meant "world wide web", and what the rest was.  Panix provided a web page on their server after a while, as part of your account, and we were all amused that the script you ran to enable it was 'charlotte'.

Then Panix started allowing slip and ppp logins, such that my PC could "be" on the Internet, with an IP address of my own and everything, and I could ftp files directly to my PC, if I had an FTP program.  I had to telnet into Panix itself to read mail, which was kinda cool for a while.  I used elm for email, and rn, then trn, finally strn, for usenet news.  Fortunately, IBM's OS/2 Warp had an add-on TCP/IP stack that included all the programs I need to make this work for me.

And the people.  We were all the type of people who would be called "local color" in any other situation.  A stranger, more entertaining bunch, you could not find anywhere else.  A sense of community has never existed on any other service like we had on Panix 10 years ago.  We had a very cool bunch, that included names I'd heard elsewhere, as well as the very cool who were just folks.  That community is still around, though I dropped out of it.  That community is what got me thinking of myself as 'Wookie", rather than "Steve the Wookie", since you were usually known by your login at the socials held in Central Park and elsewhere.

I have been who I am on the net for so long, that even though I own three domains, and can have any (or even all) addresses on those domains, I still maintain my Panix address, and can't bring myself to stop being
.

And that is who I am, and why.

