---
layout: post
title: "Anemia, One Doctor Visit At A Time"
datestr: December 05, 2003
mtid: 265
permalink: /saga/265.html
---

Another doctor visit today.

This doctor, a gastroenterologist, wanted to take blood for all sorts of things. So they did, and I had to suffer through probably the worse blood drawing of my life to date.  This nurse, or whatever she was, tried to draw three vials of blood, but managed to get only two.  Not that she didn't try really hard.  She pushed the needle in farther, pulled it out a little, moved it around in my arm, poked it with her finger...  All this *after* she tried to make a feeble joke about how I didn't look like they'd taken so much blood that I was anemic yet.

And it isn't like I don't have good veins.  I have great veins.  Medical personnel love my veins.  Usually, they can draw blood from me so easily, the problem is to get it to stop.  I recently had one of these needle punctures bleed out, causing a giant purple bruise on my arm for two weeks.

During the visit, I was listing my complaints, which included that since I changed my diet recently, I've been suffering sever heartburn pretty much constantly.  The doctor looked at me and said "Isn't that the way it always happens, you try to get healthy and it kills you."

I was <acronym title="Rolling On The Floor Laughing My Ass Off">ROFLMAO</acronym>, and needless to say I'll be going back to this guy for gastroenterology for as long as he practices medicine.  I'll suffer through his assistant and her attempts to draw blood.

