---
layout: post
title: "Wookie"
datestr: March 30, 2003
mtid: 156
permalink: /saga/156.html
---

Ah, the story of "Wookie".  I get asked every now and then.  I usually give the short, uninteresting version.  The version below isn't any more interesting, maybe.  But it is a lot of typing just for one email, so here it is.

Once upon a time, in a land almost exactly 1000 airline frequent flyer miles from here, a tall bearded college student would hang with his friends on Sunday nights and watch Star Trek: The Next Generation.  These were the days of the first few episodes of said show, before we had truly learned to hate Wesley Crusher, and Wil Riker was clean shaven and looked like he was12.  Then one fine evening, Wil Riker suddenly appeared on screen with a beard, and we could start taking him seriously, even though he was still kind of a pretentious butthead.  On seeing the newly bearded Riker during that fateful episode, my friend, who's room it was we were in, said of Riker: "He looks just like the walking carpet back here."  One of the girls in the room picked that up, and the tall, bearded, college student became "The wookie".  Not a nickname, but a title, if you will: "Steve, the wookie."

The tall, bearded, college student later became interested in computer bulletin board systems.  He usually couldn't be "Steve" on these systems, because it would seem that Steve was a popular name in the 60s, and was usually already in use by someone far less worthy to the name than himself.  And so he became "Wookie" to those geeks he communicated with in the small hours of the morning, because that was the only time you could get into these systems.

Years passed.  (Two, or so, I think.)  Usenet became something you could get to from a BBS system, and with it came internet email.

Then one day, at work, "Steve the wookie" was offered a transfer to the home office in New York City.  "Steve the wookie" had never been east of Chicago before, and had a really bad opinion of NYC.  Said opinion formed mostly on the knowledge that NYC was populated by the mafia, the homeless, and arrogant bastard stockbrokers who would pave the entire country over if they thought they could make a buck by owning that many parking spots.  But it was a professional opportunity not to be passed up, so he agreed.  A month after that, he packed two suitcases, got on a plane, and moved to New York City.

Before "Steve the wookie" left for New York, he asked his younger, but devoted brother (heh!) if he knew of any way to get to internet email in NYC.  "Steve the wookie's brother" came up with a USENIX listing that included a small dial-up UNIX system (this was before they were ISPs) called Panix.  When "Steve the wookie" arrived, and found a way to dial out to Panix, he singed up.  As always, "steve" was taken, so rather than be "sh" ("shhhh!"), he became "wookie".  Panix was a social kind of online system, and had gatherings in central park.  At these things, you were usually known by your login, if you had something pronounceable.  So among the first non-work friends "Steve the wookie" had, he suddenly became "wookie".  At work, he was still Steve, but every now and then he'd make a mistake on an email, and sign it "Wook".  And then he'd have to explain.

Then Wookie joined a now-defunct company called RiverSoft.  RiverSoft was unique in Wook's experience, in having only 7 or so men's names in a company of 39 people, and Wook was the second "Steve".  So he started actively being Wookie.  There are even business cards with the name Wookie on them.  These cards were sometimes even given to customers.  Now, 4 years later, Wookie is the norm, and he has to adjust when he goes back to the Midwest where they still call him Steve.

