---
layout: post
title: "Weekend in Vegas"
datestr: February 20, 2003
mtid: 7
permalink: /saga/7.html
---
<a name="20030220a"></a>

Have I mentioned that I love my new speakers?

Don't worry, I'll get over it soon. I didn't have to link that one to the story
of the speakers this time.

So, lots has happened.

Firstly, last Friday, the 14th, was both Valentines Day, and my grandmother's
birthday. She is a youthful 83 now.

For her birthday, she and her friend Marty went to Las Vegas. She told my uncle
Ken that he should meet her out there. Ken, used the family mailing list to
suggest that all the rest of us should go out there. But keep it a secret and
surprise her.

Not all could make it. Basically, it was the family members who don't live
in the Twin City Minnesota area that showed up in Vegas.

My brother was at Nanog in Phoenix, and went to Vegas on Thursday. He was waiting
at the Stardust, outside smoking a cigarette, when the airport shuttle pulled
in and disgorged Grandma and Marty. He tapped them on the shoulder and asked
what they were doing there. He said he just happened to be there. They bought
it.

Friday night, my mother, Nikki my niece, and I all showed up. We settled in
at our respective hotels, with plans to meet in the morning at the buffet for
breakfast.

The next morning, my mom and I were hiding behind the slots while Ken, aunt
Sandy, Grandma, and Marty all went up to the buffet. Kevin and Nikki showed
up shortly thereafter, and Kevin when off to join them for breakfast. Nikki
and mom went up next. Then I followed.

It was a good surprise, I think. The pleasant kind.

A good time was had by all. My mother wanted to see Jubilee, which is one of
those old-time Vegas reviews complete with women wearing really large hats.
I went with her, because I wanted to see SOMETHING, and everything else was
impossible to get into.

So yes, I saw a topless show with my mother. I'll be in therapy for a year.

But then the next stage of going to Vegas turned out to be a problem. That
would be the part where I wanted to come home, from Vegas. The whole Northeastern
seaboard got clobbered by 2 feet of snow. Needless to say, when I got to the
airport on Sunday to come home, the first thing I did was get a room for the
night in Vegas.

On Monday, I flew to Chicago, where my friend Dave lives. My mother lives there
too, but I wasn't sure if she was home yet either, since she took a rather circuitous
route home on Sunday. Also, I'm not sure about how much space Mom has, but I
know Dave has a bed. There is also the added advantage that Dave and I work
together again, so I could work with him while I waited to go home.

My flight back was yesterday, Wednesday. Today, I went into the office, where
I'd missed the start of a training class it didn't make sense to join at that
point. Oh well.

Oh yeah, track 9 of Blue Man Group's "Audio" doesn't have the "big
drum" on it. It is either a "phil drum" or a "utne drum".
Go figure.

Today I finally received my "dear John" letter from Isomair. Dated
the 15th of November, letting me know I'm "redundant" as of December
31st, it arrived via air mail today. Ah well, good to know, even if it is three months late.

