---
layout: post
title: "Is The End Near?"
datestr: September 14, 2003
mtid: 218
permalink: /saga/218.html
---

Is the end of the world scheduled soon or something?  Has hell frozen over?  I saw one of the signs of the apocalypse today: A one of the checkout ladies at the grocery store not only admitted I exist, but said "Hello" and "Have a nice day".

I'm not in the habit of taking visiting guests to the grocery store, so there aren't many that will understand.  So let me explain:

Here in New York City, the service industry came to the realization that people would continue to patronize their service even if they treated customers like dirt.  Especially if the ENTIRE service industry does it.

Here in my neighborhood, they have taken this to a logical extreme, and are quite masterful at it.  If you can get a check-out person in my local grocery store to even admit you exist, an amazing thing has happened.  They are capable of carrying on the entire food purchasing transaction without so much as looking at you.  They don't even talk to you to tell you how much you owe, they just hold their hand out.  It is up to you to read the total off the cash register screen.

So imagine my surprise when one of them actually greeted me like a human.  And then greeted the person behind me like a human, so I know it wasn't that she fancies me or anything like that.

Thus, you can maybe understand my concern that the world is ending soon, just as I was starting to enjoy myself.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Diane and Al have been discussing another sign of the "End of The World" - Especially if the Cubs win 1 more game in their series.

Maybe it's not the end of this one, but a beginning of a new one.
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Tammy Mohning at October 13, 2003 05:56 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Yeah, I haven't been watching it, mostly because I forget it is on, but the end of the world must be upon us.  Almost.

Wook
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at October 14, 2003 12:27 AM</div> </blockquote>

