---
layout: post
title: "Going... Foward?"
datestr: May 09, 2003
mtid: 179
redirect_from:
  - /saga/179.html
---

So today, I was sitting on the train to White Plains, as I do many working days now, and was listening to two women talk about which end of the train is the front.  This is a very important thing for these two women to get straight, because they both got on the front of the train at Grand Central Terminal, and couldn't find each other until somewhere after 125th Street.

Let me just clarify something here.  Firstly, the "front of the train" in my world, and hopefully yours too, would be that end of the train closest to the places it will be traveling to as it rolls down the tracks.  Or to put it another way, the front of the train is the part of the train that will arrive first at the destination.  Secondly, the direction of travel of a train when it is sitting in GCT is usually going to be AWAY from the main concourse, or generally AWAY from the terminal.

Having clarified that, let me just say that I was sitting in the last car at the back of the train.  As was one of the women I was listening to the whole way to White Plains.  The other woman was at the actual front of the train, where she was supposed to be.  So of course, she was the one that had to come back to the rear of the train, to annoy me by agreeing with her half-witted friend that they "put the front at the wrong end of the train this time".

I really, really, wish I were making this up.  I was searching their tone for irony or sarcasm, and wasn't able to detect any.

Now, I know that for the most part your average person in this world is of average intelligence, and that even average intelligence doesn't always happen.  My friends are also intellectually nimble, creative, smart, people, and maybe I'm spoiled by that.  So when I run into something like the shared brain cell these two women were using, I'm astonished.

I was even more astonished when the woman who HAD been at the correct "front" of the train agreed that she got on the wrong end of the train, and couldn't believe she had walked all the way past the train to get there.

Maybe I shouldn't be surprised.  By definition, the "average" people are going to be smarter than just less than half the population.  So about half the population is going to disappoint me, on an average day.  I just don't run into that half the population all that often.

And here is hoping that you don't have to either.

