---
layout: post
title: "Panix Mail Down"
datestr: June 19, 2003
---
<blockquote><b>Update (6-20-2003 09:36:00):</b> My mail is flowing again like normal.  I don't think I lost any mail, but I did have to import a bunch a few times by hand, so if you don't get a reply, try, try, try, again.</blockquote>
Okay, Panix's mail isn't down.  But they have made it difficult for me to read my mail, so I'm effectively down.

So if you send me mail, I'll get it sooner or later.

Why am I down?  My guess runs as follows:

Once upon a time, I tried the IMAP mail server on Panix.  Then decided that IMAP isn't worth the trade-offs in most email clients.  Very complicated, most are hugely broken.  The worse is Microsoft's mail clients, which is no surprise, I suppose.

But the process of trying Panix's IMAP beta, the IMAP server created a mailbox for me to use automatically the first time mail hit it.  Based on the response I got from Panix about why I wasn't getting mail, it would seem that they assumed that anyone who had tried the IMAP server, and thus had a mailbox on it, was still using it.

A silly assumption, really.

Even more astounding is that when they looked in my .procmail, they noticed that I was directing mail to my normal mailbox, and told me that to go back to IMAP I needed to remove the lines that put my mail EXACTLY WHERE I WANTED IT TO BE GOING.  The reason I was sending my mail to my mailspool file was that I wanted it to go there, because that is where the POP server wanted it.

Oh well.  Nobody is perfect, and Panix has screwed up on me exactly this once in 10 years, which is a pretty good record so far.  Even if I still can't read my mail.

