---
layout: post
title: "Stranded Again..."
datestr: July 08, 2003
---

So, there I was in Chicago, enjoying my long 4th of July weekend, when suddenly -- and I do mean "suddenly" -- it came time to go home.

Roughly 36 hours after heading to the airport the first time, I'm finally home.

All the United Airlines LGA to ORD flights were delayed, I think.  Except for the one I was on, which was canceled.  Figures.  And the next flight UA could get me on was Monday at 5:00 pm.  They said I might have been able to get on an earlier flight by going standby, which would have entailed hanging out at the airport all day, possibly, so I choose not to do that.

So I got to spend another fine night with Loki.  Oh, and Dave and Haley too.  I was without cell phone charger (again!), clean clothes, and assorted sundries.

Then today, the 5:00 PM flight was canceled too.  So I called my travel agent, who reserved me a seat (two actually) on Continental.  So after standing in line for a full hour at Continental, I had a ticket, a seat, and that 6:00 PM flight that left only about two and a half hours late.

But leave it did, and now I'm home.

One of the things that I have noticed is that while the automated "self-service check-in" that all the airlines are going to are nice normally, when things get bad, the whole things breaks down prety badly.  You end up with half the number of gate agents trying to serve a very pissed-off crowd.  O'Hare was NOT a pretty sight today, let me tell you.

Those of you who have been looking for me, including those at work, I'm now here.

The lady who left me 18 answering machine messages where you screamed "Christian?" into the phone for a couple of minutes each time... I'd just like to say you have the wrong number.

