---
layout: post
title: "Oh Man..."
datestr: October 20, 2003
mtid: 235
permalink: /saga/235.html
---

Is there **anything** that can be said [about this][], that it doesn't say for itself?

### Comments

<blockquote>
There always is... (sings softly to self: round, like a circle in spiral... like a wheel within a wheel...)
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Susan at October 21, 2003 10:34 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
that shiz ain't right, I bet if asked my girlfriend about that, she would tell me it scared her, and that I was to never do it....
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Mike F at October 22, 2003 01:50 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
So, did you ask your girlfriend?  Did it scare her?

As for "Windmills In My Mind" or whatever its called, I don't get how it applies.  But then, I'm surprised I caught the reference at all.  Sting mostly bores me these days.

Wook
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at October 23, 2003 10:40 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
...the reference is to these dimensions which seem to make the penis almost as wide as it is long -- and thus, I envisioned it round, approximating a circle... although I could (albeit not as easily) imagine it a square as well:

Erect Length: 149mm (5.87in)<br />
Erect Girth: 148mm (5.83in)

The song is indeed "Windmills of Your Mind"<br />
It is sung by: Noel Harrison<br />
(original v from whence composers Michel Legrand and Hal David won an Oscar [1974] for best song)

...so you can continue your boredom with Sting unabated.
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Susan at November  2, 2003 06:10 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
oh, and before you point out that girth is the measure *around*, that was just the image that first came to mind :)
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Susan at November  2, 2003 07:28 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Drats.  You got to that one first.  &lt;pout&gt;
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at November  2, 2003 07:36 PM</div> </blockquote>

[about this]: http://thepill.blogs.com/ "Do Penis Enlargement Pills Work?"