---
layout: post
title: "I'm Not Dead Yet, But... (Update 2)"
datestr: September 22, 2003
mtid: 224
permalink: /saga/224.html
---

In case anyone is actually keeping track, today was the neurologist.

His prognosis:  I'll live.  But...

I have a chronic, possibly incurable, medical condition known as: "Migraine Headaches".

Oh joy.

Yes, as a result of today's visit, my headaches are now official, doctor-diagnosed, migraine headaches.

This is actually interesting, because most (90%) of headaches in this country are either dehydration, or caffeine withdrawal. I have some of those, but they are not migraines, no matter how many people think they are, or how badly they hurt.  Most people who say they suffer migraines are actually just suffering from one of these headaches that they have given themselves.

A migraine is a very specific medical condition, with a rather astoundingly large set of possible symptoms. A migraine is a headache caused by dilation of blood vessels.  I.E. Blood flow in your head.  Why they happen, what causes them to happen, isn't really understood.  Current medicine thinks they are related to inflammation of some nerves in your head.  But research continues.

The doctor told me that only 50% of real migraine sufferers ever get rid of them.  Not good news, but at least, I don't get them THAT often.  Just when ever I visit any friends.  We will start my treatment with an "abortive strategy" of Imitrex, and go from there.

And here I thought the whole story of "it only happens when I relax with friends, or on weekends" was silly.  Turns out, it isn't.  I also thought that starting right in on neurology, rather than doing something else first, was overkill.  But I guess my GP called this one right.

