---
layout: post
title: "Targets"
datestr: March 28, 2003
mtid: 138
permalink: /saga/138.html
---

So yes, I'm going to be spending some time, on and off, in Washington DC for work.  I've been asked twice if I'm nervous about being there.  I'm also asked how the "situation" is down there.

As for the nervous about being there thing: No.  I'm not nervous about being in what is possibly the prime target city for retribution in the US.  NYC is probably number 2 on that list of places to "bring down".  It is pretty much six of one, half dozen of the other, at this point.

The "situation" (they even pronounce it with quotes around it) isn't any different in DC as it is in NYC.  Both have anti-war and pro-war protesters blocking traffic and making life hell for those of us who just wish it wouldn't keep showing up on TV.  There was an amusing four day standoff between the police and a guy in a tractor, but other than that, I'm really tired of the whole thing.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Going to D.C. isn't scary. Although, I think if you spend a lot of time there, especially within government circles, it is nice to get away. At least that is what I've been told recently. I'm actually trying to get there myself but my meeting keeps getting rescheduled. I'll have my people talk to your people...
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Kevin at March 29, 2003 11:38 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
When I'm there, I am usually out in the Dulles Technology Corridor somewhere.  "Dulles Technology Corridor" (or whatever) is just another way of saying "in the wastland of Northern Viginia on either side of the Dulles toll road."
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at March 29, 2003 03:21 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
When I am there, I tend to be in places where I need to be escorted to the bathroom. Meaning, closer to Reagan Nat'l than Dulles. Ah well, so much for lunch.
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Kevin at March 29, 2003 09:23 PM</div> </blockquote>

