---
layout: post
title: "Thursday, January 9th, 2003"
datestr: January 09, 2003
mtid: 107
permalink: /saga/107.html
---

I drove home from Minneapolis today. So I'm back at Al and Diane's.

I got to see most of Mom's side of the family. I stayed with Aunt Betty. She
graciously gave me her bed, because it is the only on in the house I would really
fit in. For this, I thank her hugely.

I got to see Uncle Dick's place finally. I've never seen his and Pat's place
before now. We played Shanghai Rummy one night too, the three of us. A new game
to me. But I won the first one (beginner's luck) and enjoyed loosing the next
two.

Grandma is doing fine. She has Evan's Syndrome. Her body is producing something
that bonds to her blood cells, and when her immune system destroys the somethings,
the blood cells get clobbered too. They have her on Prednisone, which is working
for her. As reported earlier, she was out of town gambling with her boyfriend
when I arrived in Minneapolis on Monday, so she is still getting around just
fine.

Cousin Rachel has two boys, which I finally met, and is expecting a third kid
soon. When I walked into their split-level house, her oldest was standing at
the railing above me. When I looked at him, he said very gravely: "Hi,
I'm Remington". So I introduced myself, and shook his hand. Didn't get
to see her husband on this trip.

Cousin Scott is out of work. Had lunch with him, uncle Dick, and Grandma one
day. Didn't get to see Cousin Dan though. He's a security guard at a medical
center. But he's on the family mailing list often enough that I don't feel out
of touch with him. Cousin Jon lives with Betty, so I saw him when he was around.
He's a cabinetmaker. They tried to sell me a bar for my apartment.

On Monday, I drove around the area and visited places I'd lived as a kid. The
two of them that I remember well enough to find are both still there, in neighborhoods
that still look pretty much like I remember them. The cities of Spring Lake
Park, Mounds View, and Fridley have grown over the years, but I still recognize
as much as I don't. This surprises me, since I would have guessed that after
30 years, nothing would remain. But Bob's Produce is still there. Northtown
mall is still there. Grandma's house is still there, though a different color
than I remember it.

The only thing that really got to me was how beautiful Knollwood Drive was.
Even in the winter, with snow on the ground, it is obvious that it is a classic
tree-lined street. I wouldn't mind living there again, though maybe not in the
same house.

