---
layout: post
title: "Matrix Revolutions Review"
datestr: November 09, 2003
mtid: 250
permalink: /saga/250.html
---

Okay, seen it.  It was a nice, special-effects, action movie.  It had great special effects.  It had okay story.  It had cheesy, wooden, dialog.  Go see it if you like that sort of thing.

**Do not read more if you don't want to see spoilers.**

My first two complaints actually have nothing to do with the Matrix itself, and everything to do with seeing it.

Complaint number 1: Revolutions wasn't showing at the IMAX theater here in NYC.  There is currently some James Cameron, self-indulgent, overblown, discovery-channel-weenie, crap, documentary about sunken ships (or something) playing there.  Revolutions is supposedly going to be at the IMAX theater soon.  I'll probably see it in Chicago over Thanksgiving if my friends Dave and Haley will go (again) so I can reward that IMAX theater for knowing which movie to be showing.

Second problem was, the one scene that is supposed to be the best part of the whole movie got cut from the copy I saw.  Film breaks, or projectors jam, and film gets damaged.  The projectionist cuts the damaged part out, and just splices it back together.  Usually this leaves an ugly jump between scenes.  Thus it was I didn't get to see Trinity get called "Trin", and the Merovingian called "Merv".

As for the whole "philosophy of the Matrix" thing, and the unanswered questions...  Yeah, well, the questions weren't answered.  The philosophy turns out to be boring.  Neo is Jesus, going back home to God to make life safe for Zion. The first two movies then change from some deep philosophical thing with lots of overtone, into Neo finding out he's Jesus, and getting jiggy with it.

So in 20/20 hindsight, we gave the Wachowski brothers *way* too much credit for coming up with something deep, in the first movie.  That set up an expectation of greatness, and it turned out the brothers had no intention of delivering any such a thing.  I bet they looked at all the theorizing that went on, and asked each other: "Where the hell do they come up with all this shit?"

But, even taking it just as a crappy action flick, I had a few (ha!) problem with it.

Neo's, and Bane's ability to enter the matrix without actually connecting to it moves this story into the realm of fantasy.  As does Neo's ability to "see" with his eyes damaged.  Stupid.  I was unable to suspend disbelief at that point, which was about 15 minutes into the movie. I ended up watching the whole thing in a mindset that can only be described as "sarcastic"

The whole agent Smith thing is just stupid.  When Neo tells the machines that they have lost control of agent Smith, this is the first time in the whole movie you've ever heard anything about this.  How does he know that?  This comes out of the blue about an hour and fifty minutes into the film, a true hallmark of a writer with no idea how to end a story, or maybe tell it in the first place.

General whatshisface in Zion orders the gate be opened to the Hammer, knowing its crew will use their EMP.  Then, when they do exactly that, he goes down to yell at them for having done it.  Why didn't he just leave them outside the door?

Doesn't this system the machines run on have a "kill -9" command?  How is it that Agent Smith can't be killed, but the little girl program will be deleted?  And speaking of her, how is it that programs can escape detection by escaping to the matrix?  If the agents can find individuals to take over who are near Neo in the first movie, then shouldn't they be able to find a single little program doing nothing too?

It occurs that I am ranting.  I'll stop now.  My expectations where high, and I am disappointed.  Hugely, disappointed.  Still, I will go see it again at an IMAX theater if I can.  I'll probably buy it on DVD too.

