---
layout: post
title: "The Truth Wearing Not Much More Than An Oven Mitt"
datestr: April 26, 2003
mtid: 167
permalink: /saga/167.html
---

Being a guy, every year I walk by newsstands and look at the cover of <a href="http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/">Sports Illustrated's</a> <a href="http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/features/2003_swimsuit/">swimsuit issue</a> and think about picking it up.  I usually don't.  Not because of any supposed reason having to do with exploitation or anything.  I usually never buy it because I just don't get around to it.  I'm so lazy that I have to work myself up to making impulse purchases.  I don't think I've bought the swimsuit issue in 6 years.

So imagine my surprise when I found this year's issue in a stack of magazines I was getting ready to throw out.  And yes, it was a pleasant surprise, in case you were wondering.

Of course, now days, when I'm looking at pictures of beautiful women in exotic locations, I'm thinking of how they got the shot, and what the technical details of the photo shoot actually are.  Did they shoot it in 35mm, or medium or large format?  How much fill lighting did they use?  Do they schlep portable generators into the jungle to run the lights?  Stuff that only a photo geek like I'm becoming would wonder when looking at almost naked women.

But the most interesting thing in the whole magazine was Rick Reilly wrap-up on the last page.  He writes that this may be the last SI swimsuit issue ever.  Mostly because they are running out of places to go, and themes to use.

My favorite quote, is "We have to do *something*,  I mean, we can't just put one of these  out with the cover line: "Tall Women Wearing Not Much More Than an Oven Mitt."

That makes me wonder.  Why can't they just say that?  I mean, its the truth, right?  And if they do have to do *something*, why can't they just start going back to the places they went to back in the 50's?  (Yes, the SI swimsuit issues go back that far.  They are older than I am by a good long time.)

Reilly correctly points out that men don't care.  He admits that the lavish locations, and the rest of the foofra is all about making it possible for men to bring these things home without the women in their lives going ballistic.  There may be some truth to this, though I've never experienced it.  In fact, I was telling my friends Anne and Alison about this on the train home one night, and both of them seemed surprised.  Anne couldn't believe that SI/Time Warner/AOL could be that stupid, and it was no wonder they were going down the tubes.

Maybe I'm lucky, and have always been lucky, to have women friends or girlfriends in my life that are not threatened by a bunch of tasteful pictures in a magazine.  I would like to hope that most women are well enough adjusted to handle this, though I know not all of them are.  I think men should look at women with lust on their minds, and women should look at men with lust on their minds.  This is what keeps the species going.  To loose interest is to be dead, and I don't mean this as the oft-heard joke.

Still, better safe than sorry, maybe.  Continuation of the species and getting along with each other are two completely different things.  And I do kind of like the exotic locations myself.  They add to the art that the SI Swimsuit issue embodies.

And it is art, maybe even **High Art**.  I'd be sad to see it go, even if I am to lazy to buy it most years.

Here's hoping that Mr. Reilly was merely expressing some frustration caused by narrow-mindedness about choosing locations.  And let us hope that this cultural icon continues to exist for all generations to come.

