---
layout: post
title: "The Move - Day 6 (Friday)"
datestr: December 19, 2003
mtid: 273
redirect_from:
  - /saga/273.html
---

I stopped in at the hardware store on the way home, and bought a Bag O' 3-prong outlets, and cover plates.  This is to replace all the outlets that have so many layers of paint on them that I couldn't chisel the paint off them to plug anything in.

The first such repair is the outlet for the computer in the office.  Interestingly enough, there is a junction box in back of the outlet, which surprised me.  And when I had the replacement 3-prong outlet in place of the 2-prong outlet, the power strips all show correct grounding, which is cool.

Of course, the paint is SO THICK on the walls, that I had to chisel the plate off the wall, and the replacement fit into the resulting hole.  Looks pretty bad, if I do say so myself.  I'm going to have to get oversized wall plates for all these replacements.  Given that this outlet, which looks original to the last re-wiring, is grounded, I think I shall be replacing all the outlets with 3-prong replacements.

The point of this work was to get the computers running.  And they are, almost, now.  The Beast is back up and running.  Its speakers are hiding somewhere.  The iMac is sitting here, ready to go, but for some reason, it isn't plugged in yet.  Not sure why.

I also bought an electric tester, to check for hot circuits.  I then turned everything on, and started pulling fuses.  This apartment is wired a little more intelligently than C5 was.  Down there, all the lights and outlets were on one 15-amp fuse.  There was a second fuse labeled for lights and outlets, but if anything was actually wired into it, I never figured out what it could be.

Up here, one fuse ("lighting") is the kitchen, dining room, and entryway.  It includes the fridge, for some reason.  The other "lighting" fuse handles everything else.  Then there are two fuses for the two 20-amp air conditioner outlets, living room and office.  Then two fuses for "kitchen outlets", both "R" and "L".  There are 4 plugs in a single plate on the wall in the kitchen in the walkway to the entryway.  The right two outlets are on one fuse, and the other two are on another fuse.  I could have 220v power there.  If it wasn't in such a bad spot, I might get a lot of good use out of it.  As it is, I'll move the fridge to it, and maybe run an extension cord around the kitchen and into the dining room if the aquarium stays there.

When I asked about having 220 volt power for air conditioning up here, Boris told me that there are only white, black, and green wires in most of these apartments behind these plugs.  Or maybe he said there wasn't a green wire.  I guess I'll have to pull them, and see just what is back there.  If there are three wires, then I can probably make 220 if I really want it.  Course, I'd have to chisel the screws out from under the paint on the fusebox.

