---
layout: post
title: "Music For My Ears"
datestr: October 23, 2003
mtid: 237
permalink: /saga/237.html
---

At the (mostly) exact date and time of this post, I will have ripped and AAC encoded all my CDs.  Every last one of them.  Even the ones I won't generally admit to owning.  Even things I don't expect to listen to much on my iPod.

Now I just need to get a 40 Gig iPod.

The numbers aren't exactly representative, or exactly correct, but in case you were wondering, I have:

* 650 CDs (2 disc set count as 2 CDs)

* 402 Artists (but see comment below)

* 30.4 Gigabytes of AAC files

* 7955 songs

* It would take 23.2 days to listen to it all

Double CD sets are counted as 2 CDs, because the cddb in use generally has "(disc 2)" at the end of the title for multi-disc sets.  I'll probably be changing this, since I don't care on an iPod.

Also, the artist count is high.  Compilation CDs, and soundtrack CDs, usually have the performer listed as the artist, which is correct.  But for some reason, I don't think of a single track on a compilation CD as counting towards an official number.  It probably should, but it just doesn't feel right.

I've been slowly ripping CDs since August 24th, which is almost exactly 2 months ago.  I'd just start iTunes up in the background set to rip, encode, and eject CDs that are inserted, and put it in the background.

So now the hard part: Going through all of them, and disabling the tracks I don't want to hear, and building song lists.  I like my CD collection, but even the best albums sometimes have stuff you'd rather not have to suffer through.  And since I don't have to, I don't.  And song lists are good, because sometimes I just want to hear my "Faves", or the "Compulsive" tracks.  The categories that get assigned in the cddb are mostly useless, so I have my "Hard" list, my "Soft" list, a "Fast" list for the really toe-tapping songs that make you move, an "Instrumentals" list, and the "Slow" list.
