---
layout: post
title: "Thanksgiving"
datestr: November 28, 2004
mtid: 333
permalink: /saga/333.html
---

Damn I'm full.

I'm so full, I'm not going to eat until Wednesday next week.

I flew to Minneapolis on Thursday morning, to hang with the family for Turkeyday.  I must recommend, if you can fly ON thanksgiving, rather than Wednesday before, do it.  The trip to Newark was as fast as I've ever gottent here, and Newark wasn't annoying, for the first time ever.  Okay, Newark WAS annoying, but only because it sucks as an airport.

I stayed at the <a href="http://www.marquettehotel.com/">Marquette</a>, a fancy hotel in downtown Minneapolis that is very nice.  I've stayed there before, though I didn't realize it until I got to my room and found myself looking down on (sort of) the <a href="http://www.ballparks.com/baseball/american/metrod.htm">Metrodome</a>.

Mom's side of the family had a dinner on Friday, and my dad's side had a dinner Friday.  Both were good.

The only downside to the trip, was the screaming babies on both the ride out, and coming back.  On the ride out, there was one in the seat in front of me, and one in the seat behind me.  They were never both screaming at the same time, but by working together they managed to make *every single minute* of the flight hell.  Coming home, the screaming kids were behind me, though not far enough away.

### Comments

<blockquote>
You .... not eat until Wednesday.... yeah right. 

Glad you had a good Turkey day.  Are we going to see you this New Years Eve?<br />

<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Mandi at November 28, 2004 10:40 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Jessie aka Ed at November 28, 2004 02:35 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Wook, we missed you this year, but are happy you had a good Turkey Day with your family.

Happy belated Thanksgiving!
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Haley at November 30, 2004 10:48 AM</div> </blockquote>

