---
layout: post
title: Popups Only Bad When "Bad Guys" Do It...
datestr: January 09, 2004
mtid: 277
permalink: /saga/277.html
---

As noted, I'm using Al and Diane's computer.  I'm doing this because of an inability to put <acronym title="Wook's New PowerBook">Table9</acronym> on their broadband.

Al and Diane are AOL users.  So they start AOL, and then I fire up Internet Exploder and surf.  The interesting thing is though, that the AOL client changes the default start page to the <a href="http://www.aol.com/" title="AOL Home Page">AOL internet home page</a>.  That page starts up at least one popup window, usually in the background.  Every time you come back to it, it does a few more it seems.

I just shut down IExplode, and there were 8 windows for AOL behind it.

Now, when shady web sites do this, we complain.  Loudly.  There is legal action against the perpetrators, to harras them into stopping. <acronym title="Pretty much all of them except MS Internet Exploder">Most web browsers</acronym> have features to control, or cancel, the ability of web sites to open popups.

Now maybe, it only happens when you come in from AOL broadband.  I wouldn't know, since I use a real web browser, and I don't go to AOL's home page all that often.  Still, seems kind of cheesy, to me.

P.S. Internet Exploder probably does have the ability to limit popup windows, but it would be hidden in the security zone thing that is the worse possible interface to configuring privacy and security that you could possibly come up with.  Since it is easier to install a different web browser than delve into that, I run Camino.

P.P.S. There, I now have the obligatory anti-Microsoft rant on the record, I can safely ignore them now.

