---
layout: post
title: "Oops, Comitted to Renovation"
datestr: February 04, 2004
mtid: 282
permalink: /saga/282.html
---

Nothing commits you to stripping paint off doors and stuff, like actually stripping a bunch of paint off a door that you can't hide.

Today, I decided that Boris The Super isn't going to get to do any more work in my appartment. Except for maybe plumbing.  He fucked up the floors and the doors.  So tonight, just to see how it would work, I dug out my heat gun, and tried taking some paint off the hinges to the back bedroom door.

The heat gun works really nice, actually.  I also tried it on the door itself, and discovered that if I scraped a little spot off of the middle of the door, I could then peel off a huge area of paint.

What I discovered was that the doors are hardwood, and quite beautiful.  I can't imagine why anyone would paint over them with brown, yellow, puke green, off white, and then white paint.  Stripping the paint off the door frame releaved that they are all metal.  That will have to be painted, probably white.  Now that I have the door partly stripped, I need to do the whole thing, of course.  And the other ones besides.

And that leads us to how Boris screwed them all up.  I complained about the fact that none of the doors closed.  I told Boris I wanted him to strip the paint off the hinges, and out of the door jamb, so they would close.  Boris, never one to do something the right way, planed the doors down, put in new latchsets, and repainted them.  They look like hell now.  If I re-do all the doors, I'll have to cope with this.  Not sure how to do that.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Man who play with heat gun should be careful walking on  glacier. He will find it is only tip of icefield. : )
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Rachelle at February  6, 2004 03:30 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Maybe you would have better luck with Boris's assistant, Natasha... :)

By the sounds of it, are you sure you want Boris working on ANYTHING in your apartment?
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Jon at February  7, 2004 05:29 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Well, I'm sure I don't want him to work on anything, but I don't want to screw around with plumbing.  Still, I'm probably going to have to.  He fixed my toilet last week, and also fixed a faucet in a shower that was right next to the one that  I wanted him to fix.  So I'll probably have to screw around with plumbing.

Wook
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at February  9, 2004 08:56 AM</div> </blockquote>

