---
layout: post
title: "Personal Bandwidth"
datestr: August 07, 2004
mtid: 301
permalink: /saga/301.html
---

Regular followers of this site know that I've not been updating it much since sometime last year.  I just looked at the front page, and the dates go back to January in just 10 posts.  There are all sorts of reasons for this, but I won't bore you with them.  Suffice it to say, I just haven't had the bandwidth, mentally, to keep up with Munged.Org, of late.  I also haven't been doing photography, or putting the new appartment together, or a zillion other things I should be keeping up on.

The real disaster in this, is that there were some commitments I made that I've not followed thru on. Notably, <a href="http://www.demicon.org/" title="DemiCon Web Site">DemiCon</a> photos gallery.  DemiCon 15 was in May, and 3 months later, there are no DC15 photos on this site.

I appologise for that.  I said two weeks, and before that time was up, I knew I was in trouble, time-wise.  I should have posted a status, or something.

Before you dash off to <a href="http://www.demicon.org/" title="Munged.Org DemiCon Galleries">the DemiCon index page</a>, know that at the time I'm writing this, this year still isn't there.  It is however, close.

In the last week or so, I've come out of this fog. I've spent time on the appartment. I've spent time on the photos.  And I've spent time just getting my life in gear.  About half my bills were still adresses to downstairs (gotta love a good mailman) and I've fixed that and other idiotic situations going on.

Part of doing all this work is remembering how much I enjoy some of it.  I like writing this web site, both content and code.  So I resolve to do more of it.  I resolve to work on the photos for DemiCon, because I enjoy that too.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Welcome back, Wook. It's been a long time.

btw, if you figure out how you got out of that fog, let me know. I could use a guide.

Diane
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Diane at August 12, 2004 09:55 PM</div> </blockquote>

