---
layout: post
title: "My Problem Defined"
datestr: October 13, 2004
mtid: 325
permalink: /saga/325.html
---

I'm driving my friends Anne and Lyor home from White Plains today, two women who are part of my "train friends" from back when I commuted to White Plains most days for work.

The conversation goes something like this:

> Me: I'm too stupid to have a woman.  It has been proven.
>
> Lyor: What does that mean?
>
> Me: It means I'm still single, despite trying to not be.
>
> Lyor: Hey, I'm single!
>
> Anne: Hunny, that's because you aren't stupid enough.

So, my problem in a nutshell: I'm to stupid, and they aren't stupid enough.

### Comments

<blockquote>
It's just you have to find that someone that wants to be stupid with you. And the same kind of stupid is almost impossible to find.  Happy Hunting!
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Mandi at October 16, 2004 10:17 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
can i join youre stupid club? obviously not as a full member but more of an associate ;-)

hows it going wook? sorry to be missing you in Dec..

Bobster
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: bobster at October 18, 2004 03:51 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Hmmm, this was more about the joke than complaining about lack of relationship in my life.  Maybe you had to be there.

Wook
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at October 19, 2004 05:49 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
I think Anne is wrong, because if she was right then how do you explain Diane and me?  Besides, you're not dumb, you're just altruistically sharing yourself with the world.  Yeah, that's it, sharing... altruistically... I like the sound of that.
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Al at October 19, 2004 10:43 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Well, Mandi probably has it right, if you assume all the rest of this: You have to find someone who IS stupid.  Or maybe, head-over-heels-stupid-for-you.  Which is how I'd explain you and Diane.

Again, this was about Lyor not being stupid enough, and the joke in general.  Not about me, really.

Wook
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at October 19, 2004 11:05 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
But isn't it all about you, really?
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Jolie at October 20, 2004 05:28 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Actually, you need to think of it as the women are not stupid enough but rather not good enough for you.  Don't lower your standards and that special person will eventually enter your life.
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Jon at October 20, 2004 11:20 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Actually I found the story very, very funny... but Wookie, I don't know Lyor ...  but I do know you.....mmmwwwwaahhhhhhhh!!!! So of course I have to comment on you.  I do have to say Anne has a wicked sense of humor.  And ... Ah Standards aren't they a pain in the ass.
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Mandi at October 21, 2004 09:01 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Wookie, you're right to have the standards you do. After all, a professional cheerleader with 36 double-D Science Fiction reading list, sane family who lives wherever she doesn't and a healthy emotional outlook (or at least in check chemically) comes at a freakin' DIME A DOZEN. You might consider a legally sane girl with no incurable communicable diseases who'll humor you by putting on a cheerleader outfit on occasion.
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: wicked anne at October 22, 2004 03:14 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Actually, I prefer french maid outfits.  Someone, a fantastic lady, sorta offered to wear one for me once.  I wasn't smart enough to actually follow thru on that though.

Case in point.

Wook
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at October 22, 2004 11:19 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Oh Wookie, *sigh* that is a between the eyes hit with the maid outfit... no, actually that is a cosmic 2x4 to the back of the head. 

Okay males this is a major HINT, if a woman offers to wear a french maid outfit for you . . . say YES! Because, you know, it just may not ever happen again. 
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Mandi at October 22, 2004 11:31 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
See, I told you.

Wook
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at October 23, 2004 04:28 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Oh, and another thing...  Anne, my standards do not include boob size or profession.  When I say I'm looking for a 22-year-old bimbo, this -- while true -- wouldn't be the ultimate woman for me.  (At least, I'm pretty sure.)

I want a woman with a feminine body, smile that lights up like the sun, nice hands, a brain that actually works, sense of humor that is compatible with mine, and if she has any baggage it should fit in the overhead bin or under the seat in front of her.  Is this realistic?  Or am I THAT deluded? 

Wook<br />

<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at October 23, 2004 04:40 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
On a more serious note...  Actually that is very realistic.  You are realistic that there will be baggage (you don't want an axe murder).  That you want someone that smiles (has emotion), and a woman that take care of her body and health, you like to be touched and you have to have someone with humor other wise when the bumps happen you have to laugh or you will strangle each other. 

Sounds very realistic... the thing is, you have to realize that person is there for a chance to happen. And when you do realize she is there, worship her and make her feel like (taken from tv but I agree with) that if she walked in a room full of women that she would know without a doubt that she is the most respected and loved woman in that room. That shows you are a man more than how long you work, what gifts you give, how macho you think you are. (I have met men that are BEAUTIFUL on the outside but the minute they talk to you and treat you like you are nothing, they are the ugliest humans I have met.)That is what a great deal of women want I believe. 

And when I say worship... you don't grovel, no one wants a doormat. It's the small things, not the huge gift (though those are very nice) but the little things that mean more to me than anything else. A phone call to me telling me that I am being thought off and there is no other reason for the phone call can turn me to mush. 

 The rewards come back to you tenfold. If you know you are loved and desired it usually makes it way back to the person that made you feel that way. You might be surprised. And for the love of God don't take a girlfriend or anyone for that matter for granted. Bad...very bad.

Okay I am now done preaching but Wookie don't give up.  She is out there... somewhere.
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Mandi at October 23, 2004 08:41 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
I stand corrected (or rather, i sit corrected.) But stating a desire for bimbos does drive the real candidates off somewhat, I believe. 
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: wicked anne of the east at November  5, 2004 04:34 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
I can see how the bimbo joke might be a little off-putting.  But it does go with the rest of my sense of humor.

On the other hand, I actually used the phrase "22 year old bimbo with large breasts" on a 22 year old non bimbo yesterday who then told me I should ask her out.  Course, I said it to her after she had just told me that she wasn't going out with any more white guys ever again...  So maybe this is a special case.

I did imediately ask her out, but she said I would take her to dancing, and there is nothing more pathetic than an almost-40 year old fat guy dancing with a 22 year old peruvian bombshell.  But I'll probably give it a shot.

Wook
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at November  6, 2004 09:19 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Good way to lose the weight... not sure how you'll lose the color though.
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Susan at November  6, 2004 09:20 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
He'll change color -- he'll be pink in no time! Very cute. :)
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: anne at November  8, 2004 12:45 PM</div> </blockquote>

