---
layout: post
title: "The Ultimate Grocery-Store Experience"
datestr: March 18, 2004
mtid: 286
permalink: /saga/286.html
---

I am lazy, as we all know.  So lazy, that running across the street to grocery shop
is way beyond me.  Yet, I've been doing it all these year, because, well, starving
is maybe rather over the top.

So, imagine my delight at [FreshDirect][], when they started deliverying to my
neighborhood.  My first order is in, as of now.  Tomorrow night, we shall see what
the result is.  Hopefully, food will show up.  Hopefully, it will be good food.

### Comments

<blockquote>
So, did it turn up?? was it worth it ?? i might have to use them next time i'm on
an extended stay in NYC :)<br />

<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Stu at March 21, 2004 08:16 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
I hear they have the best produce on the east coast, and that the oranges are
phenominal!  Yummmmm!
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Rachelle Hrubetz at March 23, 2004 09:06 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
guess Wook's still eating ;-)
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: bobster at March 25, 2004 03:03 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Wook?  Wook?
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Mike Anderson at March 29, 2004 04:34 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
I think 4 comments is a record, btw.

I'm very busy, and searching for the bandwidth.  In the end, Fresh Direct was
everything I was hoping it would be.  The produce was better than can be found
in my 'hood.  It was delivered on time.  Even the sliced deli meats were probably
higher quality than I can find here.

What hedonism!  You don't even have to leave your computer chair to shop for food,
and if you order carefully, you don't even have to get up to prepare it.

Wook
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at April  1, 2004 01:44 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Wook,

Ah, but won't you miss those trips to the grocery store?  Waiting in the checkout
line while the customer ahead of you tries to convince the checkout clerk that 5
cans of spinach should only count as one item.  Or the bawling kid in the cart
behind you screaming for candy.  Or thumbing through the Weekly World News to
catch up on Batboy's latest adventure.

Your lose.  :)

Jon

<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Jon Mohning at April  2, 2004 08:54 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Aren't you supposed to be able to find dates in the grocery store too?  Or was
that the 80's?

There is just one woman in my neighborhood that I'm interested in, and that would
be the dancer who lives in the 4th floor apartment across the street with the blue
window shades...

Jeeze I'm pathetic.

<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at April  2, 2004 07:43 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Wouldn't say it's pathetic. Just see if Freshdirect will deliver binoculars.
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Number 7 at April  7, 2004 12:13 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Oh, but I have my camera, and a zoom lense or two...

Stalker?  What stalker?

<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at April 24, 2004 01:02 PM</div> </blockquote>

[FreshDirect]:   http://www.freshdirect.com/
