---
layout: post
title: "Cell Phone Features"
datestr: August 16, 2004
mtid: 309
permalink: /saga/309.html
---

You ever had your cell phone just turn off with a fully-charged battery?  You just look at it to get the time, and it isn't on? And you can't remember the last time you saw it on?

That would be just one of the features of my phone that really annoy me.

Another feature I hate would be when my phone is on, doesn't ring, but suddenly blings for incoming voicemail.

Or how about when the phone is on, doesn't ring, doesn't bling for voicemail, doesn't have the voicemail icon on, and then you go to listen to to an old voicemail message to get a phone number and there are 8 new messages waiting for you??

That one is probably my favorite.  Hasn't happened for a while tho.

And the last annoying feature of my cell phone is probably not a feature of my cell phone itself, but the cell network near my appartment.  About 1 call out of 4, I can not be heard by the person at the other end.  I'm just too quiet.  I would get a new phone to fix this, but it only happens in my appartment.  Never when I'm on the road. Never when I'm in Manhattan.  Just here.  I've started calling SprintPCS every time this happens, if I have time, and opening a ticket about it.  So far I figure that "an engineer will look at the site" often enough that sooner or later they will find the problem.

Sometimes you gotta be the squeeky wheel.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Ah technology,

you havnt just moved into a Farraday cage or somthing? Deffo get a new brick that one sounds madder than a box of frogs although most of my mobiles seem to exibit some of which you speak

catch ya soon dude

/Bob
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Bobster at August 17, 2004 09:33 AM</div> </blockquote>

