---
layout: post
title: "On Voting"
datestr: December 04, 2004
mtid: 334
permalink: /saga/334.html
---

November came and went.  Yes, I voted in the presidential election.

I keep getting asked about the election.  "Did you vote?"  Everyone is always so intense.  Nobody comes out and asks directly, but it is *really obvious* they are trying to figure out who I voted for.  I will not say.  My parents always made a big deal when I was growing up that a vote in an election was a private thing, and you don't ask and don't tell.

Of course, this causes everyone to think the worse of me, in their eyes, and assume I voted for the other side.  Aproximately half of them are wrong.  But, because it is a private thing, your presidential vote, I don't work to correct this assumption.

It could be, of course, how I handle the direct questions.  When I get pressed to display some ideology so that my choice of candidate can be inferred, I head off instead in the direction of cynicism.  How neither candidate is a shining example of leadership.  That the United States doesn't demand excellence of its leaders.  Even candidates that enter the presidential race out of altruism rather than with an agenda, end up with an agenda by the time they've talked all the "soft money" into playing the game with them.

I vote.  But it has never seemed worth it in the end.  Even on the occasions when my candidate wins.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Politics & religion - two highly volatile topics which evoke strong emotional (illogical) responses...a wise man stays away from them both!
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Jolie at December 10, 2004 11:27 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Politics always leaves a bad taste in the mouth.  *Blech!*
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Mandi at December 10, 2004 10:41 PM</div> </blockquote>

