---
layout: post
title: "Yes Another Hard Drive Crash"
datestr: October 10, 2004
mtid: 323
permalink: /saga/323.html
---

I've just determined that a hard drive in the Beast, if it didn't outright crash,
at least has failed.  But it is intermittently working, so it took a while to
realize what was going on.

Fortunately, it didn't eat my whole computer this time, like when "Front" failed.

The "Quicksilver" Macs had an option for 3 internal SCSI hard drives, which I had,
so I named them "Front", "Middle", and "Rear".  A while back, you might remember,
Front crashed.  It was my system disk, which meant much rebuilding and searching
in vain for printed license keys and other assorted horrors.  I didn't loose any
data, because I had all my important data backed up, I just lost some unprocessed,
unimportant, photos.

Now "Middle" is my system disk.  "Rear" is where assorted data goes.  And I have a
drive called "Mirror" now that is a mirrored pair of 500 GB drives, used for photo
archives.

So lately, my computer has been acting flakey.  Specially when I've been processing
photos.  I finally came to the conclusion that Rear has failed.  It isn't a huge
impact, because there isn't much actual stuff of importance there.  Just dowloaded
stuff, copies of data backed up, some older photos, and scratch disk space for
Photoshop and iView.

This last is the trick.  I've had a *HUGE* problem processing photos, because the
machine would lock up after a while.  Turns out, that the programs that need scratch
space on disk for processing photos, were using Rear, and Rear would stop responding
after some use.  So Photoshop would lock up, then the Finder, and each other
application that needed Rear would all one-by-one just stop responding.
Force-quiting didn't help either.

So now I know.  I changed Photoshop, iView, and C1 Pro to all use Middle as
scratch space, and Beast is now working as it should.

So now... what to do about it?  The Beast is almost 3 years old, but still
enough computer for my needs.  The idea of a new G5 is attractive, but I'm
not sure I want to spend the money.  Still, two internal drives failed so far,
I have to wonder what is next to go.  Middle failing would be a hastle.  So maybe
whole new drives, but then we are back to recreating the computer again, which
is a hastle.

Or, I could just not use it, and live with the space I have now.

Decisions, decisions...

