---
layout: post
title: "Bicycle"
datestr: May 13, 2005
mtid: 359
permalink: /saga/359.html
---

I've told some of you about my bicycle, and how I owned a fifth of it.

I'd just like to make it known, that last Saturday, I actually went into Manhattan, and stopped by the bike shop and paid for it.  I'm had shopping bags to get home and then left on a trip, so will have to arrange for it to get to my house later.

But soon.  Oh so soon.

John, at Conrad's bicycles, has been hugely patient.  I gotta give him props.  He was understanding of the 6 months it spent taking up space in his store.  He was also good about setting me up with all the accessories needed.  Very cool place.

### Comments

<blockquote>
So which fifth of it did you own?  The wheel, one of the brakelines, the seat???? Did you get to take that piece home with you to look at and marvel in wonder?  Picturing yourself in your dreams pedaling away, avoiding the Wookie pancake on the road of life? Just wondering.
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Mandi at May 14, 2005 01:28 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
No, I paid for a fifth of it, and then left that fifth behind until it grew to be a whole bicycle.  After all, I didn't want a bicycle before its time.

Wook
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at May 17, 2005 05:37 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
So now that the bicycle has matured and is full formed have you broken it in? I mean don't you have to put it in a corral and start by green breaking it with a blanket and sand bags and then riding it bareback until it gets used to you? 
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Ray at May 20, 2005 06:13 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Wookie, bicycle whisperer in the dark?<br />

<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: lewis at May 20, 2005 09:19 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
I'm still just trying to get it into the corral.

This week though, now that I'm home.

Wook
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at May 25, 2005 12:09 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Is it bike yet? Is it bike yet? Is it bike yet? 
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Ray at June  8, 2005 12:27 AM</div> </blockquote>

