---
layout: post
title: "The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe"
datestr: December 18, 2005
mtid: 385
permalink: /saga/385.html
---

Wookie says: It is okay.  Go see it in the theater.

I enjoyed it, but not as much as I would have suspected after having actually seen it.

Amazing graphics.  Let us start there.

Nearly everything in this whole film is CGI.  The humans, and the locations aren't (I think), but it is pretty obvious that everything else is.  And it is done very, very well.

The locations, if they aren't totally fabricated, were incredibly gorgeous.  They all had grandeur and power, or were the perfect form of whatever they were supposed to be.

I liked that Santa didn't wear red.  That was a good touch.  I wonder though if that is a difference between Father Christmas here and Britain.

The acting was mostly competent.  There was no acting I could point to and say "You SUCK!", but yet...

I totally failed to get pulled into the world of Narnia and its residents.  The only characters I managed to start identifying with were the faun (who's name is NOT Thomas, but is something close that I can't remember now), and the witch.  The kid playing Edmund had me at one point, but lost me a little bit later.

There is also the problem of all the CGI actors.  They are starting to look really good, but they still aren't real.  The beavers were obviously not real.  But the lion was really well done, to the point of maybe being to real.  Still, what really gives them away is the movement.  While the skeletons of the things and their musculature is modeled for CGI, there still isn't enough physics involved with it to look totally real when they move.  This problem goes back to Spiderman, where his CGI webswinging across the Manhattan skyline didn't look even sort of real.

So I guess this movie gets a "It's okay" from me.  I'll probably pick it up on DVD at some point.  I'd say go see it in the theater to get the full impact of the beauty of it.

### Comments

<blockquote>
It's Tumnus...They said it correctly in the movie, but if you don't know (or don't remember) the name it sounds like Thomas ^_^
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Megsers at December 19, 2005 02:31 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Hi Steve.

I enjoy your web site.

Merry Christmas and A HAPPY NEW YEAR.

Is it OK to talk to you in this manner?

SEEYA dick g
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Dick G at December 20, 2005 09:07 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
I liked it very much; I had just read the book the night before (after an evening at the Abbas' and couldn't sleep) since it's a short book (takes what, 90 minutes to read?) so I was ready for whatever they threw out there...there were some scenes I could have lived without 'cause they were pointless (the river/waterfall scene) and I didn't like the wolves and Aslan wasn't nearly large enough...Peter should not be taller than the lion if he's the "largest lion anyone had ever seen."  I also thought the scene from the Witch's castle when Aslan is thawing the statues & the giant looks around for "that dratted little witch" would have been a fun bit to include.  And Mr. Tumnus wasn't old enough...and I didn't like the name changes (Fenris Ulf becomes something like "Mordred" which kept making me think of King Arthur).  But mostly I agree with you - the CGI stuff was pretty good but yes, not "real."  May even go see it again with my parents when they're here for Christmas...
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Jolie at December 20, 2005 04:50 PM</div> </blockquote>

