---
layout: post
title: "Job Change"
datestr: January 12, 2005
mtid: 340
permalink: /saga/340.html
---

One of the challenges during my time as an sales engineer ("SE", though SMARTS calls them "system engineer") for SMARTS has been describing to people what it is that I do.  I'm part of a sales department, and talk to customers directly, but I'm not a sales person.  I think I've done a good job of describing what I did such that people understood, but it is hard.

Well, now I won't have this problem.

As of the beginning of this year I now work in Profesional Services ("proserv" or sometimes just "ps") in SMARTS.  Proserv is in-house consultants that install our software after the sale.

This is a good thing, I think, and I asked for the move.  I think that being in proserv is more in line with my temperment than being an SE was.  This isn't to say that I didn't enjoy my time as an SE.  The SMARTS sales organization is amazing, and I found it very easy to work in this rather demanding environment.

So I'm looking forward to being more technical.  It also amounts to a change of pace that I'm looking forward to.  Even though I'll be back on the road a lot more.

The joke that I enjoy, is that in moving from sales to proserv, I've moved from BS to PS.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Good to hear you are still alive!!!
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Jessie aka Ed at January 13, 2005 01:20 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Wook,

Long time no speak.  I was doing some google searches and was surprised to find my picture as Employee #37 in your Riversoft Gallery.  Glad I did.

Your contact info has changed and I've been unable to reach out to you.  Anyway, you can reach me at (703) 625-1073.  I am relocating to Boston, however, I spend 50% of my time in NYC.  You'll have to give me a call so I can buy you a few Guinness.

Cheers my friend.<br />
-mpm
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Matthew Munafo at February 11, 2005 12:22 AM</div> </blockquote>

