---
layout: post
title: "tRIP"
datestr: November 28, 2005
mtid: 363
permalink: /saga/363.html
---

Wook (that's me) was 40 on this day.  I'm in Las Vegas right now, in the Monte Carlo hotel on the Vegas Strip.  So far, I've gambled, seen shows, oggled strippers, and generally had a great time hanging with the crowd.

More after I get home.

The acronym **tRIP** stands for "the Rest In Peace"

On this date, I will be 40.  And on this date, I will be celebrating in Las Vegas.  You are all invited.

So far, the plans are this: I will be having Thanksgiving with my friends Dave and Haley.  That night, after turkey, we will fly to Vegas.  We will then spend the weekend having fun, and celebrating my almost being "over the hill".  I won't be doing a formal party or anything, but we will be seeing shows, having fabulous meals, and generally trying to get into all the right trouble.

The plans are that the weekend will be over on Monday, which is actually the day of my birthday.   Most people will be going home that day.  I will be staying in Vegas until Tuesday.  Then I will spend the rest of the next two weeks visiting other parts of the Desert Southwest.  Those plans are still in progress.

If you wish to join us, send me email letting me know.  People are welcome to join just for the 3 or 4 days in Las Vegas, or to hang out for all or part of the two weeks after too.

Wook

### Comments

<blockquote>
We are hoping to join you in Vegas -- :-) 

40 is not RIP --> so no reason to be glum.

Miss you wook.

Also Bruce convinced me to write you into the screen play. Yuppers.
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: caela at July 26, 2005 10:33 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Wookie!

Congratulations on making it to 40, alive, and with most of you brain functions!!!

With some experience behind me, I do believe that the rest IS peace, so enjoy it.   ;-)

BTW:  How did you do in Vague-Us?

Timd<br />

<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Tim at August 13, 2005 07:24 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Hi Wook, if i dont remeber in the mean time its a happy birthday from this side of the pond too. Have a great time in Vagas and party hard. We will have to make a point of meeting up at soime point on the globe at some time soon. lots to catch up on. Bobster
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: bobster at November 23, 2005 06:18 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Happy B-Day old man!  Remember, 40 is the new 30.  Enjoy :)
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Sean at November 28, 2005 05:03 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Wow, your old!!! :) Just kidding, Tanjyobi Omedetou Senpai san!

For you non-japanese speakers that means: happy birthday you who is older than me!

*hugs*

megs
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Megs at November 28, 2005 11:26 PM</div> </blockquote>

