---
layout: post
title: "Cell Phone Hell"
datestr: May 07, 2005
mtid: 358
permalink: /saga/358.html
---

My current cell phone has finally gotten to the point of needing a rubber band to keep the battery connected to the phone.  It wasn't really falling off, but every time I shut the phone, it would bump hard enough that the battery would get disconnected for just long enough to cause the phone to turn off.  The battery wasn't falling off, but it was going to soon.

So I just got back from buying a new phone.  And now, I'm in cell phone hell.

There are several kinds of cell phone hell.  I'm now in the third kind, which you don't think of until you actually sit down and start looking at your new phone.

Some people maintain that the main form of cell phone hell is just having one in the first place.  There is a certain logic to this.  There is such a thing as being to connected.  However, for me, the ability to call out from anywhere is just to important to me.

The second kind of cell phone hell is when you have forgotten it somewhere, or lost it.  Basically, any time you don't have your phone, and you are completely dependant on it.  You keep reaching for it, and it isn't there.  You can't make calls any time you want.  It just hurts.

The third type of cell phone hell, is when you buy a new one, and are faced with the prospect of having to reload all your phone numbers into the new one.

I have *no idea* how I'm going to do this.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Your phone problems sounds like what happens to my dad every year to maybe twice a year.  He is usually in the second phone hell which moves to the third phone hell. At least you have not lost it down in the corn shute or been disked into the field or in the pig lot or thown against a wall or crushed by a tractor. The list goes on but I guess get those little fingers working so that you can get back to cell phone purgatory. Because if you have a cell phone you never are more than one foot out of cell phone hell. 

 
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Mandi at May  9, 2005 09:01 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
I did this recently, and I had, ohhh, 200 entries in my phone book, and I had my old toshiba cellular phone, so I went to buy a new one, got a new lg 7000...  While I was there I looked at the guy and said oh boy, 3 days of typing to transfer my contact list...  Guess what, they had a machine that did it for me!!!  So go down and ask if they can transfer your numbers for you, I bet they can Wook....
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Mike Fannan at May 10, 2005 11:38 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Grasshopper, when you can sntach the cell phone from my hand it is time for you to leave cell phone hell.
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: inscrutable at May 11, 2005 11:43 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
My wife & I had to get new phones last year but were concerned about the time it would take to manually re-enter our phone books.  We were quite relieved when they (Verizon) were able to transfer the phone books to the new cell phones.  There was some sort of device that they coonnected the old and new phones to and a few minutes later, the numbers were happily residing on the new phones.  Hopefully Wook's older phone (which he hopefully still has) can be connected to the earlier mentioned gizmo and get all that data transfered to his new phone.
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Jon at May 12, 2005 10:48 PM</div> </blockquote>

