---
layout: post
title: "Vegas 2006: Wednesday - Food and Craps"
datestr: December 06, 2006
mtid: 409
permalink: /saga/409.html
---

Day 2, basically.  I paid to see a Ferrari dealership's collection of cars, did some shopping, napped, got a shave, saw Mystere, played more craps.  I won at craps, and am up $300 dollars on the trip total.

I slept in until nearly noon. It was unbelievably comfortable. When I did finally roll out and get moving, I went down and had lunch at Tableau.

From there, I walked over to the Penske-Wynn Ferrari dealership, at one end of the Wynn. There is a Ferrari gift shop, right next to the dealership. And that gift shop is the part of the experience you can get into for free. If you are not going to actually buy a Ferrari, you have to pay $10 to get in to look at the cars. I paid. But at least you get a coupon for $10 off anything you buy in the gift shop in exchange.

What can I say. A Ferrari is always beautiful, and is even more so in person, up close. They have a Ferrari Enzo on sale there. Based on a story in Car &amp; Drive magazine a couple of months ago, it may be the last one in the world not spoken for. I forget how many digits where in it's price. When nobody was looking, I touched one of the 430 spiders, to leave a finger print for posterity. They had me arrested.

Then I went across the street to the Fashion Show Mall, and looked around. It was a mall, but I enjoyed it. From there, I went to Caesars Palace, and window shopped over there. Then I walked over to watch the fountains of Bellagio, and also did some shopping there too. Then I came back to the Wynn, and did some shopping there. I intended to actually buy something, but never did. If a man shops in a casino hotel and never buys anything, is it still shopping?

I took an hour and a half nap, so I'd be awake for a marathon craps session that night after Mystere and dinner at SW. After I woke up, I went down the the Spa, and had a shave and a beard trim in the barber shop. I was getting a leetle overly furry by that time, not having shaved all week. I had to apologize to the stylist who was doing this, because she shaved me twice to get a clean shave.

The show for the night was Cirque Du Soleil's Mystere over at Treasure Island. I walked across the street to see the show. Mystere was the first Cirque show I'd ever seen, and it has paled in comparison to the other Cirque shows that have come since. But I wanted to see it again to see how it stood up for real. It doesn't. It is still really good, and I highly recommend it. But I enjoy the other later ones more, personally, now that I've seen them. I suspect that "O" would not be as interesting to me any more as well, though it was my favorite until I saw K&agrave;.

After the show, I walked back across to the Wynn, and had dinner at SW, the primo steakhouse downstairs at the Wynn, located looking out over the "Lake of Dreams".  It was excellent. I also got to see 3 runs of the Lake. All I saw were cool colors playing on the water and the waterfall, on all three songs they did. The server told me that there are other effects and stuff, including a 2 million dollar polyvinyl frog that sings something. But I never saw this show, or anything else. It was cool, but I hope to see something more interesting next time.

After dinner, it was craps time. I played for a couple of hours, and did pretty good. Part of the fun was two dealers, Tania and Chris, that were goofing on each other, hitting each other with the stick, dishing on all the overdone guests walking by (it was Vegas and there were some people that were just asking to be made fun of), and generally having a good time. It was enjoyable to be around people working and having fun while handing me my chips. There was also "Tie-guy". A loud dude, having fun, who would give people at the table names if they rolled really well. There was "Big Guy", "Plaid Shirt Guy", "Boring Shirt Guy", "Princess", and "Joe" (who's name wasn't Joe, or anything close to it). When I checked in to the hotel, they told me my key card was also my players card for the hotel, and I used it to be rated when I played. So the pit bosses and dealers all knew my name, and were talking to me, and when I left they all told me to have a good night. 

 I was up $900 when I quit at 1 AM, having been up and down much more than that at times. I tipped the dealers $200, and that put me up $700 for the night, and up $300 for the trip so far. It wasn't exactly the marathon craps session I was thinking I'd have, but I was betting to much to have it last to long. And it was so very much fun.

