---
layout: post
title: "A New Monitor"
datestr: October 20, 2006
mtid: 403
permalink: /saga/403.html
---

So of course, the new monitor had to be an Apple HD 30" Cinema Display.  It could not be anything else, really.

I got it today, on my way home from my last day at EMC.  I've been planning on buying one anyway, so this isn't a impulse buy.  The big decision was to get it tonight, and have to get it home somehow, or get it tomorrow and have planned the getting it home thing out a little more.

So of course, I got it tonight, and carried it home on the subway.  The new Apple Store on 5th Avenue is a block away from the N and W train, and I live 2 blocks from the station at the Queens end of the trip.  It was a little heavy, but the box is not as huge as you might suspect, and it was just a chore, not hell or anything.

So I pretty much just pushed everything else off my desk, and plugged it in.  I left the old 22" Cinema Display plugged in, next to the new one.....

And what a difference it makes.  The new monitor is bright.  The colors are clear and even.  I didn't even realize how crappy my old monitor looked, and made my photos look, until just now.  It is nearly night and day.

For now, I have the old monitor still plugged in, and have the mail and instant messenger applications on that monitor.  It is at least (sorta) still good for that.

### Comments

<blockquote>
I'm KICKING myself in the ass right now.

I was in NY for two weeks. >/
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Jessie at November 17, 2006 08:37 PM</div> </blockquote>

