---
layout: post
title: "Blog Spam"
datestr: December 13, 2006
mtid: 414
permalink: /saga/414.html
---

This site requires javascript to post on now, if it didn't before.  The reason: comment spam.

One side of spam you only see if you run your own blog is that of blog comment spam.  In addition to making comments that point towards questionable sales pitches like you receive in email, I also get about 120 comments a week that just seek to have a URL posted.  This kind of comment spam is intended to improve a site's search-engine rank.  Fortunately, they are mostly posted on older entries, I presume on the idea that the site owner won't notice them.

Moveable Type sends me mail when a comment is posted, and assuming you put in a real email address, I can even just hit reply and sent you email back.  Well, most of the mail I get these days is from munged.org sending me mail saying a comment has been posted, and most of those emails are about spam comments.

So I've picked up a small plug-in for MT, designed to add a javascript-obfuscated tag to the form used to post, that must be correct or the comment will be rejected.  The tag is unique to each page, and is invisible in a browser.  Your browser will automatically send back the tag, and MT will accept the post.  The programs spammers use to post to MT in theory will not know to post this tag, and would have to read the page, execute the javascript, to know how to post comments.  It is believed currently that the programs spammers use to do this do not have this ability yet.

I give it two months until they do, personally.  But it is an effort worth doing for me, even it if just cuts down on the number of comment spams that get posted.

In the process of adding this capability to the site, I trashed some stuff.  I think it all got recovered from backups, but I'm still watching it.

If you are still reading this far, please post a comment, and see if it works.  If not, you can send me an email at wookie on this site.

### Comments

<blockquote>
It didn't work before, does it now?

Wook
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at December 13, 2006 06:44 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Yea!
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at December 13, 2006 06:48 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Hi! How the heck are you?
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: diane at December 13, 2006 11:45 PM</div> </blockquote>

