---
layout: post
title: "Tivo Tribulations"
datestr: December 16, 2006
mtid: 416
permalink: /saga/416.html
---

A couple of days ago, I wrote about getting my [new Tivo][] set up and working.
Time Warner Cable showed up and installed two cable cards into the Tivo, and left
before the authorization came down the wire to turn them on.  When the auth did
finally happen, 2 hours later, the cards didn't work.  I was able to get only the
free, non-encrypted, channels (1, 2, 4, 7-9, 11, 13, 21, 25, 36).

Wednesday, I called Tivo and worked out with them that the Tivo was getting a
correct signal from the cable cards.  Even the blank channels were sending a good
strong signal, just a good strong signal of a gray screen.  The Tivo guy I was
talking to said he had to have his cable company replace the cable cards 3 times
to get ones that worked.

So, armed with all sorts of things to say to Time Warner, I called them back.
Customer service told me they get like 1 call on cable cards every 4 months.  So
they would send a tech back out to look into it.

The tech showed up yesterday afternoon, with no new cable cards.  The dudes who
showed up knew little about cable cards, but their dispatchers do.  They told me
that the dispatchers wear uniforms, but have graduated to the big bux.  The
dispatchers got someone on the line, who simply asked what channels I was getting
and not getting, and then said they'd send someone out this morning, before noon,
to install new cable cards.

So the cable guy just walked out.  He brought only one card with him.  Fortunately
that one card worked.  This was good, because he had been making all sorts of
noise about how cable cards were a nice idea, done badly (they are), and that
if he replaced the one he had with him and it didn't work, I should send my Tivo
back for a new one. 

So at the time I'm writing this, I have one working cable card, at least.  I just
watched the end of Hunt for Red October on HBO.  The cable guy is going to get a
couple more cards from his foreman, and will come back out once he gets them.
He asked for 3.  So hopefully, later today, I'll have a fully-working Tivo with
premium channels and everything.

Now, I just need to get the HD TV.....

[new Tivo]: {% post_url 2006-12-10-412 %}  "My Tivo 4 Years Along"