---
layout: post
title: "Nitroglycerin and the TSA"
datestr: December 30, 2006
mtid: 420
permalink: /saga/420.html
---

I was carrying my computer bag, with both personal and work Macs in it, and my camera backpack, plus my jacket.  My camera bag gets opened and looked at about every other time going thru security, because it has lot of wires, tubes, and electronics in it.  This I'm used to.  The TSA people just swab it once, their chemical sniffing machine beeps once, they zip the bag up for me, and I'm on my way.

Yesterday, the machine did something I've never seen it do: make a quiet alarm noise, rather than a beep.  The TSA guy doing the check looked at me and said "This is going to take a while."

The machine said "NG", which I had to ask about.  It stands for Nitroglycerin, a component of dynamite and is also used medicinally.  It is a classic heart medication.  They asked me if I had a heart condition.  This whole thing had pretty much given me one, but I figured the joke wouldn't be appreciated.

I was carrying a computer bag with 2 Macs in it (work and personal and assorted accessories) in addition to my camera bag and my jacket.  When the machine went off, the supervisor came over to conduct the search of my lugage.  While she was going thru my camera bag, another dude did a full pat-down while a third went thru my computer bag.  They swabbed everything and tested it all with the machine.  They even swabbed cables, and the two small bottles of lense cleaning solution.  They asked me to open all the lenses so they could see thru them.  They looked thru the camera.  They turned on the flash and saw that the dispaly lit up.

Funny, I expected the third degree on the lense cleaner.  Two 2-ounce bottels, one squeeze tube and one spray bottle.  Their only comment was "You are supposed to have these in zip-lock bags, sir."

While they were doing that, they drilled me on how I might have come in contact with nitroglycerin.  The camera bag has been to Death Valley, Las Vegas, Milwaukee, Chicago, and Des Moines, so far this year.  I doubt I have any explosives in my appartment.  So I really had no idea.  When the supervisor re-swabbed and re-tested the area where the first guy did that tested positive, it came up negative.

The supervisor said asked how I got to the airport, and then said I probably picked up some nitroglycerin from the car service I used.  I suspect this is a smoke-screen for a false positive they can't explain.  So i won't be calling the car service asking them what the hell they are carrying in their cars.

### Comments

<blockquote>
This is one of those stories you'll be getting mileage out of for ages to come. Think of those great-greats sitting at your knee, "Tell us the tale of the vanishing nitroglycerin again." And you'll launch into your story, complete with embellishments you're now convinced are true, including full body-cavity searches and hours locked in an interrogation room with a guy named Guido. LOL
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Haley at January  3, 2007 01:52 PM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
Guido?  More likely "Agent Smith".

I need to edit this to include how I captured and killed those 4 terrorists that were trying to use me as a distraction to sneak thru security with those bazookas.

Wook
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Wookie at January  4, 2007 01:51 AM</div> </blockquote>

