---
layout: post
title: "Two Views Of An Empty Fridge"
datestr: October 28, 2007
mtid: 439
permalink: /saga/439.html
---

### View One:

It is totally empty.  I mean really empty.  As in there are assorted cans of Coke and Pepsi (which I don't drink), some half-dried-up condiment bottles, and nothing else.  At all.  Two days ago, there were 4 pieces of cheddar cheese in there, but two cheeseburgers later, nada.  This is sad, really.  Knowing I must eat out if I want to eat anything when I get home next time.  Feeling like my apartment is not a place I want to spend time.

### View Two:

Well, at least it was easy to clean up, yesterday.

I must stop wasting my life, living like I do now.  Really really.  Happiness is a fridge with something to snack on in it.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Wookie, Wookie, Wookie:

Found this site via Flickr. (Add me as a contact!) I'm sitting on a West Des Moines couch at 3:45 in the morning, happy to have an apple and a banana for a late night/uber early morning snack. My fridge isn't too shabby, luckily. Thank the non-existent godesses for parents who feed me over Princeton's Autumn Recess. 

-Jeanette
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Jean(ette) at October 29, 2007 04:50 AM</div> </blockquote>

<blockquote>
If it makes you feel any better:

Recently, Mark and I's fridge had nothing edible in it. Oh it had plenty of crap, but it was all WAY beyond the 'eat and not die" phase....

needless to say, it took me 2 hours to clean it out, and only 5 minutes to put food back into it. edible food....

it looks so empty now... lol
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Megan at December 26, 2007 04:46 AM</div> </blockquote>

