---
layout: post
title: "My Mom Would Be Proud"
datestr: September 21, 2007
mtid: 435
redirect_from:
  - /saga/435.html
---

I have been in Winston-Salem, NC the last couple of weeks for work.  I'm slowly trying to learn my way around, and find out where the places I like to go are.  Last night, I was hungering for an Outback Steakhouse.  Outback is just a decent place to eat, but sometimes you want the familiar.

Outback steakhouse has its little rituals, like many places.  One of them is that an employee holds the inner door open for you when you enter or leave.  As I was entering last night, an elderly gentleman was leaving, and the pretty young lady was holding the inner door for him.  He was unsteady on his feet, and walking with a cane.  So I stood outside, waiting patiently, holding the outer door open for him.

He seemed surprised by my action.  I'm still not sure why.

"Thanks you sir," he said as he passed thru the door.  "Your momma raised you well."

This made me smile.  "She tried," I answered back.

"Well, maybe she didn't do such a bad job."

"Maybe she didn't, after all."

But this all made me wonder.  I held the door because holding doors for people, any people, is the polite thing to do.  I suppose I could have gone thru the other of the double doors, in the end going around him.  But it would have been awkward, and he would have been waiting for me.

I guess the thing that makes my unable to forget this is to wonder why he seemed so surprised and gratefull.  Do we as a culture suck so much, that simply holding a door is a heroic deed?

Or am I just turning Canadian or something?

