---
layout: post
title: "Micky Mighty Mouse"
datestr: October 18, 2007
mtid: 436
permalink: /saga/436.html
---

My 3rd <a href="http://www.apple.com/mightymouse/" title="Apple Mighty Mouse page">Apple Mighty Mouse</a> died last night.  The trackball thingy freezes up, and there is no facility I can see for opening it up and cleaning it out.

This is not my only gripe about these things.  I found the teeny little trackball thingy to be hard to control precisely.  It was to easy to move accidentally, causing me problems in games.  I had problems reliably getting the mouse to click left or right, or just make a click at all.  Banging it against the desk sharply seemed to fix that, usually.

I've had 3 of these things, since they came out a couple years ago.  During that time, I've had two Logitec mice that have not had even sorta similar problems.  Each of those two mice have been on a single machine for longer than I've had 3 Mighty Mouse in sequence for my personal laptop.  The only reason I've stuck it out thru 3 of these things is that the Mighty Mouse is probably the only actual BlueTooth mouse worth owning.  Microsoft sells a really crappy one.  There are a few others, but they all have a charging base station, with possibly the thickest USB cables I've ever seen, making them unreasonable for travel.

So I guit.  Apple has never known how to make a usuable, durable, mouse in it's entire history.  And they have not figured it out with the MIghty Mouse.  I will be picking up a Logitec or Kensington mouse later this afternoon.  Wired mice are not any harder to use and keep track of.  It isn't like I'm going to use a mouse 20 feet away from my laptop anyway.

