---
layout: post
title: "Goodbye San Francisco"
datestr: August 26, 2008
mtid: 490
redirect_from:
  - /saga/490.html
---

5 or 6 years ago now, I spent a few months of my life in San Francisco, California.  All told, it added up to maybe 9 months.  I was even moving there at the time, but ended up staying in NYC.  This was during the RiverSoft days, and a good time was had by me, and everyone else who worked there, until everyone got fired and I quit.

Three years ago or so, after not having been in San Francisco for a couple of years, I had reason to go back for a couple of weeks on business.   I actually went to Dublin, California, which was a ways east of SF across the bay, but I flew into SFO.  United flies direct from NYC to SFO, but not OAK.  Even though Oakland was closer to where I was going, the overall trip was shorter since I didn't have to change planes.

At the time, walking down the SFO concourse from gates 80-90 to baggage claim, I suddenly had a strong feeling of coming home. I can't really explain why.  I never went into SF itself, except to drive thru it to get to the Bay Bridge and Interstate 80 to go East to Dublin.

Maybe the old song has it right.  Maybe you really do leave your heart in San Francisco.  Maybe there is some magic there.  Some shamanistic, earthy, witchy, magic that cause you to remember San Francisco as the home you most want to stay in, or come back to.

I had reason to be in Concord, California.  A suburban city East of SF, across the bay bridge and over the Oakland hills.  I might have left my heart in San Francisco, but I either picked it up and took it home with me on that last trip, or someone stole it.  Walking down the SFO concourse from gate 87 to baggage claim, twice now, I'v felt nothing but what anyone feels when they get off a nearly 6-hour flight.

I don't know if it was time healing my heart of what it had been missing.  I don't know if absence had made my heart go wander.  I have no idea why, but I didn't feel like I was coming home.  I wasn't looking forward to being in SF, even just to drive thru it to the Bay Bridge and I-80.

But I did miss the longing for SF.  I was looking forward to visiting the city that had claimed my heart so long ago.  And it didn't happen.

I want that magic back.

