---
layout: post
title: "DSM Amid The Ice and Snow"
datestr: December 30, 2008
mtid: 501
permalink: /saga/501.html
---

I'm in Des Moines for the week.  It's winter here.  The New Years Eve party starts Wednesday night at 7pm.  It goes until "Saturday night/Sunday morning".  I leave to go home Sunday afternoon.

Al sprained his ankle when he fell starting his car Saturday night and clearing the ice off of it.  Yesterday, I took him to the chiropractor so he could have it looked at and get "adjusted".  After that, I dropped him off at the mall while I went to get my massage.

So that's the joke of the week.  Al sprains his ankle, and has me drive him around, and I drop him at the mall.

To be fair, Al had shopping to do.  He's not the kind of guy to let a little physical disability keep him from what he's gotta do.  He just walked slow.

Other details of the trip so far: The flight out was delayed a lot.  I was flying thru ORD after all.  But it was raining in Chicago and had just ice-stormed in Des Moines, and when we did finally get into the air and on our way to DSM, we ended up circling while they treated the runways for ice.  The ice was bad too.  I was on a windows seat just ahead of the engines, and I'm sure I saw the the pilots use the thrust reversers on the taxiway to the gate.

Yes, I called Felix and Oscar's to order my pizza while I was waiting for my luggage to show up at luggage claim.  The drive across town was kinda slow due to ice, and it wasn't very warm when I finally sat down to eat it.  It was still heaven in a pepperoni and sausage form, though.

Did a Christmas Sunday with my dad and sisters.  They gave me chocolate-chip cookies.  These people know me well, yes they do.

Yesterday was a Mandi-massage.  It was heaven too.  I have two more of those this week.  I call that hedonism.

