---
layout: post
title: "Cold, Strep, Bronchitis, Cough, Getting Better, Cough, Cough, Cough"
datestr: November 20, 2008
mtid: 497
permalink: /saga/497.html
---

I have been sick now for about 4 weeks.  I missed a week of work too at the beginning. I had bronchitis, and a bad sore throat that turned out not to be strep but hurt like a mofo anyway.  I went to the doctor to find out I didn't have strep, and he put me on 7 days of antibiotics for the cough anyway because having a cough for 2 weeks is a bad thing.

Then I got better, some.  I was a couple of days from being totally over it.  I could feel it.

Then, I got worse.  Yesterday, I went to my normal doctor.  My problem is post-nasal drip.  And I have that bad.  It's screwing up my throat, and giving me bronchial spasms (cough), which might take an asthma inhaler to treat.  I might also have viral bronchitis, but there isn't anything to do for that, but just treat the symptoms and get sleep.  Take vitamin C.  Drink fluids.

But the conversation turned strange, at least for me, when she told me she really didn't want me to have any more anti-biotics.  I've apparently had more than enough for one year already.  And I have.  The Cirpo after India was probably more than I need for the rest of my life, and probably the reason why it took 2 months to get over that whole mess.

She did give me a prescription for Biaxin, but I'm not to fill it unless I'm not feeling any better by Monday.  If Monday comes and I don't feel better, I'm not entirely sure I'll get it filled.  I guess I have to get over this whole thing somehow, I just wish it would go away.

The pharmacist, who knows me by name now before I hand him my prescriptions, says that the boomerang bug is going around.  He sees people come in with cold prescriptions, and then come in two weeks later with something else to try.  So something persistent is going around.

