---
layout: post
title: "India: The Hotel Royal Orchid"
datestr: June 01, 2008
mtid: 468
redirect_from:
  - /saga/468.html
---

My hotel in India, my home for the next 3 weeks, will be the <a href="http://www.royalorchidhotels.com/hotel.ro.overview.htm" title="Hotel Royal Orchid">Hotel Royal Orchid</a>.  So far, it's been nice.  The room has a hardwood floor, a wide-screen TV, free internet, and your average selection of coffee/bar/restaurants.  The shower head is at mostly-above-head-height.

If the Royal Orchid is any indication, the service industry takes itself very seriously here. The hotel has people assigned to every possible job, and they insist that you let them do their job.  The bell staff doesn't also park cars, and the doorman out front opening your car door and greeting you is neither a bell hop or valet.  There is another guy there, who is none of the above, just to track which taxis are waiting for which guests.  There is another one (on the "travel desk") there to call a car for you if you need one.  They were all there when I arrived at 2AM Sunday morning.  Only the concierge was missing at that time of morning.

Dinner last night was at the hotel restaraunt, Ginseng.  An oriental fusion kind of place.  The food was top notch, and cost about $30 a peice for the 6 of us.  There are 4 servers hovering over the 6 of us.  When I tried to refill my water glass myself, one of them jumped to my side and asked me very seriously but politely to please let him do that.  I did, I wasn't sure I wanted to see what would happen if I didn't.

The hotel provides bottled water in the rooms, I guess.  When I drank all mine and stopped by the front desk to ask where I might get more, they said they'd send some more right up.  Rather than go out looking for bottled water, I went back up to my room, and a dude showed up a couple minutes later with 4 more bottles, and asked very seriously if he could please put them on the nightstand himself.  Again, fearing what would happen if I didn't let him, I let him in.  I also tipped him 10 rupees for this, which now that I think about it, is probably what they are looking for.  I hope that 10 rupees was the going rate.

The room is equipped with a door buzzer, they don't knock it seems.  Course, I thought it was the fire alarm or something when I first heard it.  I only opened the door for the water-bottle guy because I wanted to see if the alarms were flashing in the hallway, because it wasn't in my room.

On the wall near the door is a plastic holder receptacle thingy for the room's key card.  When you come into the room, you open the door with the card, then place the card in the holder.  Until the card is in there, and seated well, the power in the room is off, except for the A/C.  The room goes from fully dark to all lights on when you enter.  This makes sense, from a power-saving standpoint, but I lost 3 large downloads on my laptop to this, until I figured out my laptop was shutting down when the room power went out to save battery power.

My itinerary said I had a "meal plan" with the hotel.  Breakfast is complimentary.  There's a manager's reception every night up in the executive lounge on the top floor with food and drinks.  Pretty much like an Embassy Suites hotel here in the states, except the food was good and the drinks were strong.  If I don't want to go up there, I can take advantage of "Happy Hour" in the pub downstairs, for free beer and assorted food.

