---
layout: post
title: "How The TV Made My Life Hell - Part 1"
datestr: April 10, 2008
mtid: 456
permalink: /saga/456.html
---

I ordered the TV Sunday, and I've been trying to work out all the assorted things that go with it.  I'll probably want cable TV, even though there is no way it's worth as much as they charge for it.  I have a bad attitude about satellite, due to the number of times weather has made it not work so well at Al and Diane's when I've stayed there.  I need to line up a Blu-Ray Player of some sort.  I need to work out how to get video from my computers to the TV.  I'm thinking either a Mac Mini, or an Apple TV, but I don't really understand what the Apple TV is all about and how it fits into an entertainment system.  I need to pay some attention to the audio part, since my stereo system has fallen about as far behind the times as my old TV had.  None of the inputs on my trusty old Marantz AV-500 are named after anything I currently have plugged into it, which isn't a problem, except I'd really prefer to be optical inputs.  I need furniture to put the TV on, and need to figure out how to arrange the room.

Yesterday I hadn't really gotten farther than knowing I needed to think about all this, when the delivery company called to say they could deliver the TV any time during the next 4 days.

I must have mis-heard the nice lady I talked to when ordering the TV.  I could have sworn she said allow up to 4 weeks for delivery.  I ordered the TV Sunday morning-ish.  Today is Thursday, and it is now sitting in my living room.  Total time to deliver: 4 days.

Who the hell delivers something this big and expensive 4 days later?  I am totally unprepared for this, I thought I had another week or two.

