---
layout: post
title: "EverQuest and World of Warcraft"
datestr: May 23, 2008
mtid: 466
permalink: /saga/466.html
---

For the last 4 and a half years or so, I've been playing the online games EverQuest for Mac, and World of Warcraft.  I've spent a lot of hours and days over that time in these games.  I've made friends in these games, some of which I've hung out with in real life.  My travels around the country for work has made it possible for me to meet a lot of them, which has been really fun.

Recently, I've been playing less and less.  Where once these games were a superior alternative to just mindlessly watching TV, I find that they are not holding my attention much any more.  I started playing EQMac way back in 2003 as a way of keeping myself occupied in hotel rooms across the country, and found a good social group in these games too.  Add in the elements of problem-solving, social interaction, and the feeling of accomplishment from improving my game situation, and it was a powerful draw.  When WoW came out, I gave it a shot, but have never been able to stay interested in it, it has some very serious limitations for serious gamers.

So life moves on.  There are other things I want to do and see out here in what gamers call "RL", for Real Life.  I might go back to playing again, specially if I start traveling constantly again.  But for now, I'm pulling way back on both games.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Dude, Scott and I play Warcrack too. I assume you know about Age of Conan? I'm giving it a couple months to shake out some bugs, then I'll give that a try. And I agree, way better than T.V. 
<div class="comment-meta">Posted by: Dan G. in MN at May 29, 2008 06:46 PM</div> </blockquote>

