---
layout: post
title: "Impressions of Bangalore India"
datestr: June 19, 2008
---

It has been an interesting trip.

Bangalore smells bad.  It smells like sewage and rotting vegetation pretty much all the time.  It isn't overpowering, except by this river that runs by the hotel.  But it does kind of burn your sinuses for the first week or maybe two.  After that, you stop noticing it.

I found the people to be friendly, helpful, and fun.  The people at the customer took care of me, giving me advise on what to see and where to get souvenirs without getting ripped off.  Enough people spoke English that I could get around and not feel totally alienated.  The food was good, if not spectacular, and very cheap.  It was not what I expected.  I didn't find much of the food I'm used to seeing in Indian restaurants in NYC in India anywhere.

Despite being as careful as I knew how to be, I've had the shits for a week and a half so far.  It hit me bad enough last Monday (the 9th) that I called the hotel who had me talk to their doctor and got prescriptions for stuff that helped some.  I must have eaten or drank something, somewhere, that I shouldn't have.  Just wish I knew what it was.
I enjoyed my trip, but I don't think I'll want to go back.  It is just to far away, both in travel time, and time zones.  By the time I got over my jet lag, more than a week had passed and I was already starting in on being homesick.  Over the last week and a half I've just been trying to hold on until it is time to go.  I am jonesing for a cheeseburger and real pizza.

The smell was everywhere, outside.  The hotel also smelled bad, but it turns out this was to cover up the smell of the river outside.  They burned scented oils over candles in the elevator lobbies on each floor.  I didn't like this smell any more than I liked the smell outside waiting for car service.  At least the room didn't smell that way, or like the river of sewage outside.

I've gone vegetarian on India food.  Anything that has meat in it has chicken or lamb, and has all the bones in it.  All meat is all from joints, it seems like.  It is nearly impossible for me to eat anything meat without spending more time trying to either get it off the bones, or to spit out the bones when I've given up and just stuck the damn thing in my mouth.  I didn't really like lamb before I came here, and it hasn't gotten any better here.  Club sandwiches here are made with a fried egg and ham.  Ham here is substandard, and they have never heard of turkey.  It has proven impossible to get bacon cooked until it is crisp.

Lest you think I hated the food, I didn't.  The actual Indian food was good, once I found the things I liked.  Room service had a few winners, and Geoffrey's, the "English Pub" (ha ha) had a couple of others.  Ginseng, in the hotel, had good food when I needed to get away from Indian to "Oriental".  They Leela Palace hotel up Airport Road a ways is, I'm told, the most expensive hotel in the city, at like $6000 a night.  (That's dollars, not rupees.)  I tried the main restaurant there one night, and just asked the hostess to arrange for me a meal of their best without being stupidly expensive.  They did, and it was incredible.  I have no idea what any of it was.

I got really sick, with diarrhea, at the beginning of week two, and called the hotel to see what they could do.  They connected me with a doctor, who prescribed some stuff, and when I called the hotel to find out where I could get this stuff, they sent someone out for it for me.  I took the two pills for 5 days, and at the end felt better, though far from cured.  I'm just hoping I can keep it under control for the flights home tomorrow night.

I went shopping Saturday.  Got some Indian stuff for friends, and some stuff for me.  I have no idea how I'm getting all this crap home.

