---
layout: post
title: "United PS Flights"
datestr: August 22, 2008
mtid: 488
redirect_from:
  - /saga/488.html
---

One of my favorite airlines was called Midwest Express. Today it is called just Midwest.  Based out of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, they fly MacDonald-Douglas MD80 aircraft.  Today the MD80 is called the Boeing 717, due to Boeing having acquired MacDonald-Douglas a few years ago.  Before that, the MD80 was the successor to the DC9.  But I digress.

Midwest fly smallish aircraft, but has only one class of service, which equates to somewhere between coach and first on most other airline's domestic serivce.  The seats are the size of first class seats, spaced no farther apart than coach seats.  Those who are fat, as I am, get the seat width they need to avoid sitting in their neighbor's seats too.  A feature people sitting next to me probably love.  People who are tall, as I am, do not get any more legroom than they would in coach on a normal flight.  They actually get less due to a footrest that folds down, but is to close when down, and blocks access to the space under the seat ahead of us when up.  But again, I digress.

I am flying on a UA flight between SFO and JFK, and United has done an interesting thing with these flights.  They fly custom B757s, that have far far more business class seats than a normal 757 configuration they fly.  The coach seats are all "Economy Plus", meaning they have extra legroom.  It looks like they aren't as roomy as economy plus on normal 757s.  The difference is 2 inches, 34" seat pitch verses 36".  Business class seats do not fold flat when fully reclined, but they are much closer to being laying down than sitting up.

This is a trend I heartily encourage.  More than once I have thought of fling a class-action lawsuit for all those air travelers over 5'10", citing health hazards of being in coach.  I would get laughed at by an attorney if I tried it, but I like to dream sometimes.

United also flies these aircraft between JFK and LAX as well.  They may fly them between IAD and SFO/LAX too, but I can't confirm that up here on the plane.  I would hope they do.  The plane is nice, and it is nice to see this happen, even if I can't figure out why they did it.

