---
layout: post
title: "Tuesday, April 9, 2002"
datestr: April 09, 2002
---

Here's a dilema: I have, in a plastic shopping bag sitting on the kitchen table,
two packages of D batteries, and two packages of AA batteries. I have no idea
why they are there. I'm having trouble coming up with things I own that take
those size batteries. The flashlight takes 3 D batteries. Some of the remote
controls take AA. So, I replaced the batteries in the flashlight. Not sure when
the ones that were in there were put in. They could be original equiptment,
as often as I use the flashlight. But maybe not, that light is like 10 years
old. Older. I bought it when I was a security gaurd, which was from before 1989.

Out last night with Marc, who was in town. ET put in an appearance, as well
as Angela and Sarah. It was a nice night. Good to see ET and Angela.

I'm writing this, rather than doing my taxes, because I'm having trouble finding
my W-2 forms. I was proud of the organizing I've been doing around here. Was.
Until tonight, when I can't find my tax forms. I still have the piles of mail
under control, too. Pisses me off.

Times like this that I have that little thought creep through my head: &quot;Wook,
you need a woman. Someone to move in and organize your poor excuse for a life.&quot;
Like THAT is ever going to happen. She'd have to have the patience of a saint.
And one look into the bathroom is probably enough to garantee my bachelorhood
for life.

Talking to Meg about being in London. I told her that I had to suffer through
daylight savings time twice. Once in London, then here a week later. They go
on &quot;Summer Time&quot; a week before we go on &quot;Daylight Savings Time&quot;
here in the States. That week London is 6 hours ahead of NYC, rather than the
normal 5. Meg said &quot;Wookie, you live such an interesting life.&quot; I
hadn't thought of it like that.

Oh well, back to The Search.

