---
layout: post
title: "Sunday, August 25, 2002"
datestr: August 25, 2002
---

Every had one of those days when you can't get your ponytail adjusted? Feels
like there is just one hair pulling on my scalp. Every time I adjust it this
weekend, it is just a different hair. I can't get it to stop. If any of you
are thinking about growing your hair long because mine is so cool (har har),
just beware there are things about it that will drive you nuts every now and
then.

So, the long saga of my involvement in RiverSoft, and now Micromuse, is about
to end. One way or another, there will be a news flash here Real Soon Now.

On the joke front, the combination of RiverSoft and Micromuse has spawned some...
admittedly bad... humor. The combined name should be either RiverMuse, or MicroSoft.
Oh, wait...

Trying out a new photo developing lab. Modernage, here in Manhattan. They were
very cool when I was in there, and I received absolutely zero attitude when
I displayed ignorance. The only thing that did seem to get to them was when
I asked:

&quot;Do you guys develop slide film too?&quot;

They gave me a very dirty look, and then said &quot;What, you've never been
in here before? I'll give you a catalog.&quot;

Which they did. I have no idea what half this stuff actually is they do. But
it all sounds very impressive. Maybe some day, I'll need some of this stuff
done.

Very cool. I might not be searching for a place to get my film processed any
more.

Well, off to pick up my film from B&amp;H.

