---
layout: post
title: "Monday, November 25, 2002"
datestr: November 25, 2002
---

Actually, this is Sunday night still. Don't mind the date.

Been a busy few days.

Tuesday night, my friend JohnV AIM'ed me and invited me down to DC, where he
and Jim were for the week. He invited me down for Wednesday and Thursday nights,
to watch college football. I wasn't able to tie up loose ends at work on Wednesday,
so I drove down to DC on Thursday afternoon. Hanging out with Jim and John was
very cool, and I'm glad I did it. It was a blast.

On the way home on Friday, I stopped by in Jersey City where DaveO was, and
picked him up. Made it tons easier to get him to my place than having him take
the Path train to the subway, etc. Dave and I had dinner at Sac's, across the
street, and then hung out at the bar. Again, a good time was had by all. Saturday,
we had breakfast at Michael's over on Broadway, and then I put him in a car
for the airport to go home.

After Dave left, I took a nap, and almost overslept my Saturday night date
with Liz. I got to the Gotham Comedy Club 5 minutes late (so I thought). Had
fun, it was a good night for comedy, there were only a couple comedians that
weren't laugh-out-loud-funny, but they weren't embarrassing. Gary Rowling (I
think that's his name) was funny. After, the bunch of people who were there
to see him all went to dinner. There were 18 of us. It was a great bunch of
people. Again, a good time was had by all.

So, today was mostly spent writing email, and playing with MT. (More on MT
another time.) Ripped some new CDs I picked up in DC for the drive back. The
band 3 Doors Down is pretty good, and Saliva is competent though not inspired.
Both are alternative rock.

I also picked up &quot;The Eminem Show&quot; in DC as well. I think this is
the follow-up CD to his first one. Whatever it is, it is mostly self-indulgent
crap. There are only 7 songs that don't sound like all the others. I really
like those 7 songs, but the rest of it was uninteresting. On the way down to
DC, I heard a song on the radio from the &quot;8 Mile&quot; soundtrack that
was also good, so I'm probably going to get that as well.

Okay, for all the people that read the last entry, and then sent me a link
to the WSJ article on the &quot;Spam Queen&quot;, I saw it already. Stop sending
it to me. It was linked on SlashDot when it first ran.

