---
layout: post
title: "Sunday, October 27, 2002"
datestr: October 27, 2002
---

My friend Dave, who I owe an iPod to, sent me the following:
<blockquote>
<pre><font size="-2">If you run<br>    http://www.munged.org/iirc/200210.html<br>through<br>    http://www.htmlhelp.com/tools/validator/direct.html<br>you get<br>Errors and Warnings<br>     Line 1, character 1:<br>     &lt;html&gt;<br>     ^<br>     Error: missing document type declaration; assuming HTML 4.01 Transitional<br>     Line 8, character 51:<br>     ... F&quot; text=&quot;#000000&quot; leftmargin=&quot;36&quot; topmargin=&quot;36&quot; marginwidth ...<br>                                      ^<br>     Error: there is no attribute LEFTMARGIN for this element (in this HTML version)<br>     Line 8, character 66:<br>     ... 0&quot; leftmargin=&quot;36&quot; topmargin=&quot;36&quot; marginwidth=&quot;36&quot; marginhei ...<br>                                      ^<br>     Error: there is no attribute TOPMARGIN for this element (in this HTML version)<br>     Line 8, character 83:<br>     ... &quot; topmargin=&quot;36&quot; marginwidth=&quot;36&quot; marginheight=&quot;36&quot;&gt;<br>                                      ^<br>     Error: there is no attribute MARGINWIDTH for this element (in this HTML version)<br>     Line 8, character 101:<br>     ... arginwidth=&quot;36&quot; marginheight=&quot;36&quot;&gt;<br>                                      ^<br>     Error: there is no attribute MARGINHEIGHT for this element (in this HTML version)<br>     Line 282, character 29:<br>     &lt;h3&gt;&lt;a name=&quot;20021001a&quot; id=&quot;20021001a&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt;Tuesday, October  ...<br>                                 ^<br>     Error: value of attribute ID must start with a letter, not 2<br>&lt;/NITPICK&gt;<br>&lt;evil grin&gt;</font></pre>
</blockquote>

What all this means is that Dave is a snob.

I'm completely sure that the HTML on this site shows up just fine in his browser,
unless he's using one of those commie-pinko, bastard-child, Macintosh browsers
that don't show anything at all most of the time. (He should be using Mozilla
v1.1 like I do on my Mac.) But now, that isn't good enough, I have to conform
to some &quot;standard&quot; to make him happy. Sheesh.

I suppose it should have been obvious that Dave is a snob. He is, after all,
a Macintosh owner/user.

Gerry would just like everyone to know that she is NOT, in fact, pointing out
every stupid mistake she can find on this web site. She said if she did, I would
actually beg for mercy. She is just pointing out the &quot;easy ones&quot;.
She must have missed the part where I explained why this wouldn't work as she
thinks it would. And, I'm lazy to boot, so even if I did care, I probably still
wouldn't do much about it.

When I suggested Gerry should use her mutant ability for the good of humanity,
she responded:
<blockquote>
&quot;The heck with humankind, here--I'll just hire myself out at stratospheric
rates, or rush to patent my invention. Editors are largely underpaid.&quot;
</blockquote>

I hadn't realized that Gerry is that greedy. Why I'm getting this &quot;service&quot;
for &quot;free&quot;, I can't tell you.

...well, okay, it might be because I asked her too. But she is having way to
much fun with it. So I guess I deserve this. I just hadn't realized she was
that opportunistic and greedy. I can just see it, next I'll get a bill from
her for &quot;editorial services rendered&quot; for alike A Lot Of Money. 

If she does, I think I might take back the part about her
being nice.

Susan is honked off because I said she was &quot;honked off&quot;. This is
ironic, since she them asked me:
<blockquote>
&quot;...wtf is honked off?!&quot;
</blockquote>

Actually, she thinks I &quot;called&quot; her honked off. Honked off is like
being pissed off, only without the vulgarity. Being pissed off is not a character
flaw, major or minor, unless you are never anything else.

But &quot;clueless&quot; and &quot;vulgar&quot; ARE character flaws. Damn.
And here I always thought of Susan as a nice, quiet person who wouldn't hurt
a fly. 

I wonder what &quot;wtf&quot; means.
<hr width="10%" size="1" noshade>

In other news, I hung out with Liz yesterday afternoon. Had a good time, walking
around the Flatiron District and The Village. Had a lunch at the Mayrose too.
I have to start going back to that place every now and then, now that I'm in
town regularly. I really like it despite its flaws.

I stopped in at Sound by Singer, a very high-end audio store in Manhattan.
This was not a mistake, since I didn't leave with anything. But I might get
myself some audio gear for the holidays, and I might as well start looking now.
They are also going to chase down a Marantz service place in the city for me.

Also, in walking around The Village, I came across Tower Records, which is
a seriously bad place for me to be. But I now have a defense: I'm so afraid
of buying something I already have, that I can't buy anything without a list.
So I didn't go in and buy anything.

I bought a tripod for the camera last weekend. But I don't like it, so today
I need to take it back. Not sure if I'll get another one, or what.

I'm re-ripping all my MP3 files for the new iPod. I have 20 Gig of space now,
and probably will never fill it. So I'm re-ripping my collection at 192 kbps,
rather than the 160 and 128 I have them in now. This also allows me to go back
and add in the tracks I didn't rip before because I HAD filled up the 5 Gig
of my old iPod.

Which reminds me, I really, really, really, really, really need to send the
old iPod to Dave and Jaime. Forgot about that. Sorry guys.

I should also actually empty the aquarium, which I've been meaning to do all
week. So that when the super does finally get around to painting (grumble) he
can. I just don't want to empty it. It is SO CLOSE to being ready for actual
fish, it just kind of gets me down to even think about it.

Ah well. Such is life.

