---
layout: post
title: "Sunday, October 13, 2002"
datestr: October 13, 2002
---

Well, went to the aquarium store today. The tank is now officially &quot;up
and running&quot;. The filter is filtering, the heater is heating, the lights
are lighting, the water is wet. There is still work to do, but tremendous progress
has been made.

The first thing to get straightened out is water quality. I have a test kit
now, though I haven't used it yet. Discus need really good water, and they need
water kind of on the fringes of normality. They like nice soft water, a little
on the acidic side. It will be interesting to see what Queens water is actually
like. The store said their water wasn't so good for most fish, but it varies.
I'm planning on getting a garbage can to hold water to be conditioned for water
changes.

The second thing is just the issue of cycling the tank. I'll get something
hardy to start generating some fish poop to get the biological cycle going.
It will not be a goldfish. Goldfish (comets?) are the rats of the aquarium hobby.
They carry all sorts of nasty parasites, bacteria, and god knows what else.

I actually ran into a problem with the acrylic tank today. I want to have a
lot of driftwood in the tank. This is because I like the look of it, but also
because decaying matter drives the pH of the water down. The store had this
huge chunk of wood that looked really cool. But, because acrylic tanks have
tops to them that are structural, there isn't enough space to get the wood in.
I have two holes in the top, 23&quot; x 9&quot;, but this piece of wood was
not going to fit. Going to be interesting to find something to put in it. Maybe
lots of smaller pieces is the way to go, though I'd really like to have one
centerpiece.

I'm renting a car for work Wednesday and Thursday. Have to stop by the store
after work with the car, and get the rest of my gravel.

