---
layout: post
title: "Saturday, June 1, 2002"
datestr: June 01, 2002
---

Well, it is early in the AM. I can't sleep, even though I took the codeine
cough syrup I have. (I took the cough syrup for the cough, in case you are wondering.)
But I haven't been drippy all day, so I am getting better.

My ceiling is well on the way to falling down. Big chunks have come down so
far, though it seems what is falling is mostly just the layers of paint. And
thick layers they are. The big flap of paint hanging down wouldn't come down
no matter how hard I poked it with the broom. It was bothering me, so I got
up on a chair and tore it off. I was careful to tear it nicely, so there wouldn't
be a whole strip of paint torn off all the way across the ceiling.

The good news is that my TV and cable box both still work. And there wasn't
a huge fire when I plugged them in. I had to call Time Warner Cable and re-authorize
my cable box. Presumably, because it was unplugged for so long, it lost its
authorization. The process is a fine example of technology working for you.
I didn't have to talk to a single human, though I did have to wade through about
8 layers of menus. But I pushed &quot;5&quot; to re-authorized the box, and
HBO started working within a second. Literally, one second. I pushed the button
and heard HBO come one before I could turn around to look at it.

Damn cool.

I wish my experience with the pigeon was as fun. I found the little bastard
sitting on the shower curtain rod when I went in to take my shower. Course,
with the way my luck is running lately, I didn't notice him right off. I noticed
something falling to the floor, and thought the ceiling in there was falling
too. But no, it wasn't water, paint, or plaster. It was pigeon crap.

And based on this evidence, it is obvious that the flying rat was everywhere
from the window he presumably came in through, to the back room, the bathroom,
and the hallway that connects them.

I shut the two of us in the bathroom, opened the window in there, then swatted
him with a towel until he got the hint, and flew out.

I'm taking all this as an omen. I've been in this apartment a while now. I
am actually running out of room. Seems like it might be time to move. I'm not
sure how this will work, or even if I'll actually be able to get it done any
time soon. But London, Belgium, Denver, San Francisco, Minneapolis, or even
just somewhere else in New York City. Whatever.

I'm now planning on NOT setting up the aquarium. Though I might subcome to
the urge to put something in it anyway. I'll just have to figure out something
to put in it that doesn't take a whole lot of work (read: &quot;time&quot;)
to keep going. Though, I'd rather not stoop as low as goldfish.

I downloaded <a href="http://www.macromedia.com/">Macromedia's</a> <a href="http://www.macromedia.com/software/dreamweaver/">Dreamweaver
MX</a> and <a href="http://www.macromedia.com/software/fireworks/">Fireworks
MX</a> last night. Dreamweaver is cosmetically still the same, more or less.
Though it now has the database integration features of UltraDev, and handles
a bunch of different scripting environments natively. I'm going to have to try
my hand at PHP.

Well, off to see if I can optimize all the photos in the gallery a little bit.
Wish me luck.

---
layout: post
Oh, and my air conditioner in the living room doesn't work any more. Blower
motor seems to be screwed.

That sucks.

