---
layout: post
title: "Friday, September 20, 2002"
datestr: September 20, 2002
---

Been a busy week. But got a lot done.

The new job is going well. Busy. Spent some time in a suit in front of customers.
Spent some time not in a suit in front of customers. Made a few phone calls,
sent some emails. Spent some time geeking out with the product, though most
of that time was trying to get a Linux machine to behave...

And the thing it, the Isomair Wireless Sentry (&quot;Sentry&quot; for short)
works. It works really well. You plug some things into a text file, and the
thing just goes.

This is A Cool Thing. I'm having a blast.

In other news, I'm thinking of redesigning the site. I ran across the <a href="http://www.mozilla.org/projects/chimera/">Chimera</a>
site, and liked the look of the <font face="Optima, Palatino, Times, serif">Optima</font>
font. Of course, I don't know that Winblows boxes have Optima. But who cares?
It is my site, and I look at it via a Mac.

I need to make sure there is a &quot;This site looks best when viewed on the
Macintosh that it was created on&quot; somewhere near the front page.

Speaking of the front page, I ran across a quote in a signature from a dude
on the Nanog mailing list. I did a little verification, and then posted it on
the <a href="http://www.munged.org/">home page</a> at the top where it can be
seen. That quote is:
<blockquote>
<font size="-1">"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little
temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety."</font>
<p align="right"><font size="-1">-Benjamin Franklin, Historical Review of Pennsylvania.</font>
</blockquote>

Think about it.

About a year ago, I wrote about <a href="../imho/after911.html">my thoughts
of 9/11</a>. I predicted some things. Many of which have happened. I said:
<blockquote>
<font size="-1">&quot;Civil liberties that we have always taken for granted
will probably be taken from us in the name of safety.&quot;</font>
</blockquote>

We got the &quot;Patriot Act&quot; and a few other assorted laws that have
done exactly what I said they would. This one thing is damning enough, but there
is of course more.

I also said:
<blockquote>
<font size="-1">&quot;Our search for the terrorists who perpetrated this
act will cross all national boundaries. ... No nation on earth dare tell us
&quot;No&quot; when we show up at the border in force. All nations will submit
to an invasion of sorts, or find themselves actually invaded. The US is often
called &quot;cops of the world&quot; in a derogatory tone of voice by the
rest of the world. The world has seen nothing yet.&quot;</font>
</blockquote>

Our esteemed president, last I saw, was promising that if the international
community wouldn't &quot;take care&quot; of Sadam Husein, the US would do it
alone.

Have we sunk so low?

...and where do we stop? After we get done replacing Sadam with someone else
that will probably be an enemy or ours in 10 years, are we going to bomb Northern
Ireland back to the stone ages to get rid of the IRA?

In a quote that is always incomplete and thus out of context, Benjamin Franklin
also said:
<blockquote>
<font size="-1">Our Constitution is in actual operation; everything appears
to promise that it will last; but in this world nothing is certain but death
and taxes.</font>
<p align="right"><font size="-1">Benjamin Franklin - Letter to M. Leroy, 1789.</font>
</blockquote>
<p align="left">Has our Constitution lasted?
<p align="left">Think about it.

