---
layout: post
title: "Sunday, April 14, 2002"
datestr: April 14, 2002
---

Slow, lazy, weekend. It has been nice outside. In the 70s yesterday. Probably
the same today. Played Civ III all day yesterday. Will probably do the same
today, unless I think of something that I need to get done.

Dilemma for the weekend. Paul has invited me to go to N+I in Vegas. On the
one hand, I'm on vacation that week. I'll be in Des Moines at that time. On
the other hand, I'd kinda like to go, both for fun and for actual business reasons.
It would also be nice to &quot;recover&quot; 4 days of vacation, so that I still
have some to play with this year.

I owe Paul an answer on Monday. Wonder what I'll decide.

Downloaded a <a href="ftp://ftp.infogrames.net/patches/civ3/">patch for Civ
III</a> that makes the game playable. The 1.17g patch is out for the Mac. Other
than fixing the problem where the game was SLOW, it also now supports the native
resolution of the Cinema Display (1600 x 1024). Damn cool.

Watched &quot;The Godfather&quot; last night with Rob. I have never seen it
before, though I know about half of it because of its place culturally. Damn
good movie.

Sallie is in town this weekend. Or actually, she is up in Chapaqua. She came
into the city Friday afternoon. We did the Met, which was cool. I'd not seen
the Egyptian stuff before, and we got to see it. We also looked at the medieval
armor display. Also cool. It is amazing how beautiful some of it is.

Then after that, we went to America, a restaurant that I like down on 18th,
in the Flatiron district.

There is a bug flying around on the screen. Probably because it is the only
light on in the whole place...

Got 'em. Heh.

If you are interested in seeing a motley crew. Stu at work put up pictures
of the <a href="http://www.munged.org/photo/riv-cast/index.html">first 42 people</a> hired at RiverSoft.
I've copied them to Munged. <a href="http://www.munged.org/photo/riv-cast/Pages/8.html">Mike
Southon</a> used to take these Polaroids of people when they first started,
and hang them on a wall at the Coda Centre. Brings back memories for me. RiverSoft
was different back then. Also, looking through these pictures, it looks like
only 18 of the 38 people that started before me are still around. I am senior
in the States too. I also discovered that I was the 3rd US employee, not the
second. I thought Matt started after me, because I didn't see him or hear about
him until I'd been around for a while.

