---
layout: post
title: "Sunday, August 4, 2002"
datestr: August 04, 2002
---

My friend DaveM sent the following email:

<blockquote>
Get a small UPS. When we were having power problems a couple of years ago,
we had a small APC UPS connected to our recording VCR. Saved Jaime a lot of
pain.
</blockquote>

Yeah, the rest of you (both of you) probably had the same reaction.

I will. But it takes time to find a non-APC (American Power Conversions) brand
UPS, and time is something I don't have a whole lot of.

In other news, I went on an interview for a job arranged through a friend.
I traveled to London for all of 24 hours. Even though they tried really hard
to handle all the expenses, I did end up having to pay for the hotel and dinner.
So I sent them an email with the details.

Last week I got a check from them reimbursing me for my expenses. The humor
of the situation is that it is a check in Great British, pounds sterling. I
have worked for a British company for three and a half years, and I have not
yet gotten a check in foreign currency. I'm not sure if I can even just drop
this check in an ATM. I wouldn't know what to put on the deposit slip for one
thing.

Ah well. Live and learn.

I had to deposit another expense check today too. So I went into the city and
did that, plus went to the Empire Diner for breakfast. It was before noon. I
also took the opportunity to take the camera out for a stroll. I stopped at
Rockefeller Center and took some shots. I also took some at Madison Square Park.
Finished up a roll of film.

