---
layout: post
title: "Saturday, December 21, 2002"
datestr: December 21, 2002
---

Okay, movie time in Mr. Wook's Neighborhood. I've seen a couple recently, and
I thought I'd do a review or two, or at least record my thoughts on these cinematic
wonders. Remember folks, these are just opinions, so if I skewer something sacred,
you are just going to have to deal. Also remember, do not try this at home,
I'm a certified lunatic.

I saw &quot;Star Trek: Nemesis&quot; last Saturday. I saw &quot;The Two Towers&quot;
on Wednesday. I also caught all of &quot;Multiplicity&quot; and &quot;Purple
Rain&quot; via TiVo recently.

Let us start with the sacred cow: Nemesis. I'm afraid to say this, but I thought
it was pretty bad. This ranks right up there, or maybe down there, as the weakest
TNG Trek movie so far. Yes, it had some funny bits, and some cute bits, and
a few things your average Trek fan has wanted to see for some time. But that
is all it had: Bits. The story was hokey, plot was predictable, the pacing can
best be described as &quot;a drunken stagger&quot;. I liked the plot twist involving
Data, I did not like the plot twist involving B-4. This whole deal is so obviously
transparent it makes me sick.

So, Nemesis ranks above 5, 3, and 1. To put the Trek movies into order from
best to worst (IMHO):
<ol>
<ol>
<li>Star Trek II, Wrath of Kahn</li>
<li>Star Trek VI, Undiscovered Country</li>
<li>Star Trek: First Contact</li>
<li>Star Trek IV, The Voyage Home</li>
<li>Star Trek: Insurrection</li>
<li>Star Trek: Generations</li>
<li>Star Trek: Nemesis</li>
<li>Star Trek: The Motion Picture</li>
<li>Star Trek III, The Search For Spock</li>
<li>Star Trek V: The Final Frontier</li>
</ol>
</ol>

(I should put this up in the rants section of this site, and include my comments
on all this. But that would seem like work.)

But let us move on:

&quot;The Two Towers&quot; (or &quot;TTT&quot;). Lord of the Rings. I generally
liked this movie, even though I don't think it was very good. Yes, Lord of the
Rings started the whole Fantasy genre, but that in and of itself doesn't mean
it is a good story.

I should maybe say here, that I haven't read the Lord of the Rings. Yes, amazed
shock from the teeming millions who read this site. It is true. I read The Hobbit.
I then tried to read The Silmarillion. HUGE mistake. And because I never made
it through that book, I never got around to any others. Then, just before the
Fellowship of the Ring came out last year, I bought the LotR series, and tried
to read it. I made it through the first book only by forcing myself to do so.
I read for pleasure, so I never picked up the rest of them to read.

As a movie, I enjoyed TTT more than I liked the first one. But then, more actually
happens in it. Much more.

The one thing I did NOT like about LotR: TTT, is that it is maybe 3/4 CGI.
Computer Graphic Images. CGI artists can do amazing things, and create reality
out of nothing to show on a screen. But the problem is that CGI still LOOKS
like CGI. And that is disconcerting, at least to me. Golum didn't move like
a real flesh-and-blood creature. He never looks like his arms are subject to
gravity, he always looks like a puppet, and his facial expressions look choreographed.
Helms Deep never looks like anything other than a 3 foot tall model, no matter
how detailed it was.

If I may hazard a guess, this is all because CGI artists ran this movie, not
animators or actual movie people. Movies that have gotten all this right: &quot;Shrek&quot;,
and &quot;Toy Story&quot;. Both looked really good, and the CGI in both worked
as a movie in addition to working as CGI. The movie that got this kind of thing
wrong in the biggest way: &quot;Spiderman&quot;. Good old Spidey never looks
like he is subject to gravity, momentum, or any other physics concept, in any
shot of him swinging around the place. In short, because they wanted him to
look good moving around the screen, he ends up looking stupid, like a rag doll
held out the window of a car moving 60 mph.

Just as you should never allow an actual software engineer to design an application
user interface, you should never allow a CGI artist to actually DO any CGI.
Animators and movie directors should make a movie with tools created and run
by CGI artists. I guess the upshot of this is that either the director didn't
have control of the CGI process, or he isn't very good at his job.

I also mentioned &quot;Multiplicity&quot; and &quot;Purple Rain&quot;. Saw
these on TiVo, which for some reason has lately started to &quot;suggest&quot;
almost everything played on Showtime or HBO comedy. I thought I own both of
these movies on DVD, but it turns out I either don't own Multiplicity or lost
it. I enjoyed both of them. Multiplicity because it is a nice little story with
a happy ending. Purple Rain because Prince is a great performer and wrote some
nice, commercial songs for it.

