---
layout: post
title: ""
datestr: March 16, 2002
---

St. Patrick's Day parade is on TV. And I've missed going into the city to see
it, yet again. St. Paddy's day is actually tomorrow, but the parade, and serious
partying, is today. This give us tomorrow to recover from today. St. Patrick's
day is a serious religious holiday in Ireland, I'm told.

There is a group of people meeting at a pub in the city tonight. Helen, Stu,
Bob, Christine, and others. Softees all, past and present. Should be a great
time. I just have to wonder about how easy it is going to be to get into this
place on St. Paddy's eve.

I have GOT to get the drain in the tub unplugged. Yeesh. Freakin' water's up
to my knees.

I've looked at those stereo components that I'm actually using. None of it
will work on 220v, 50Hz power. Going to either have to store it, or sell it.
That also means starting over in the UK.

You can buy power converters. Marc said he has a few of them, from when he
moved back to the UK. I'll have to check on how much they cost.

In any case, the TV, and the DVD player will be totally worthless over there.
The only other things I really use is the pre-amp, and amps. The CD player needs
to be cleaned, it skips, so I'm using the DVD player for CDs right now. It doesn't
sound as good, but it works. And the tuner might be totally worthless over there
too, now that I think about it. I will probably not bring the cassette player(s)
over one way or the other. Haven't used it in a way long time.

So watch this space. If I move to the UK, my stereo will end up on eBay, if
nobody I know wants to make a play for them before that.

Course, if the move falls through (a possibility), then all of this is moot.

