---
layout: post
title: "Sunday, November 3, 2002"
datestr: November 03, 2002
---

Hmmmm. Wishing someone happy birthday works a whole lot better if, after you
update the page, you actually push it out the web. Well, anyway, should be out
there when I'm done with this update.

Anyway. Back to business.

Last we met, Dave was a snob. He read that description of himself, and informed
me he preferred to think of himself as &quot;Elitist&quot;. So, yes, definitely
a snob. And pushy too I think.

My brother sent me this:
<blockquote>
<pre><font size="-2">BTW- if you are going to use stylesheets on your website...<br><br>  &lt;link rel=&quot;stylesheet&quot; href=&quot;../site.css&quot; type=&quot;text/css&quot;&gt;<br><br>Then by god you should use stylesheets... not this in-line tag attribute <br>  crap...<br><br>&lt;body bgcolor=&quot;#FFFFFF&quot; text=&quot;#000000&quot; leftmargin=&quot;36&quot; topmargin=&quot;36&quot; <br>marginwidth=&quot;36&quot; marginheight=&quot;36&quot;&gt;<br>&lt;table width=&quot;200&quot; border=&quot;1&quot; cellspacing=&quot;2&quot; cellpadding=&quot;2&quot;&gt;<br>   &lt;tr align=&quot;center&quot; valign=&quot;middle&quot;&gt;<br><br>;-)<br><br>The excuse can always be, &quot;But, I want my website to support Netscape <br>4.x users who want to disable javascript for security purposes.&quot; Not <br>that many will actually buy that excuse, mind you.</font></pre>
</blockquote>

He probably thinks he can escape notice with the smiley. And he would be wrong...
The snob.

Susan is really running for gold here. She wants me to put together a page
giving a running tally of all the character defects. She's PROUD of the fact
that she is ahead 5 to 2, at least. Sheesh. I thought she was going to top out
at 5 character flaws, but she had to go and reveal a sin as well, and one of
the 7 deadly ones at that. And to think this woman is a friend of mine.

