---
layout: post
title: "Monday, May 20, 2002"
datestr: May 20, 2002
---

My DVD and CD players are both full of water.

The guy above me suffered an aquarium accident last night. A hose popped loose
from his filter, and siphoned 50 or so gallons of water onto his carpet. Having
nowhere easy to go, the water came down through the floor into my place through
the seams in the plaster of the ceiling.

I went to the bathroom sometime after 2 this morning, and when I came back,
I heard a funny &quot;plopping&quot; noise from the living room. I turned a
light on, and saw water dripping onto the stereo. In the few minutes I spent
moving everything out of the way of the water, it started dripping out of seems
in the middle of the ceiling.

I called the fire department.

I knocked on the door of the guy upstairs. Despite it being 2:30 in the AM,
he answered. I'm not sure if he knew about his problem before that, but when
I asked him about water, he told me his aquarium had a problem. He also gave
me some plastic bags, big ones, to cover stuff up with.

The fire department only turned off the power to the apartment. Told me to
wait until it stopped dripping before I turned it back on. Not a whole lot more
that they could have done. It isn't like they carry shop-vacs around with them.

Other than some ugly orange stains where the water was dripping across a third
of my ceiling, things aren't to bad. Everything else seems to be okay. But the
DVD and CD players are the only things I really use very much any more.

Oh well.

In other news, got batteries that fit in the camera. And film. So I can verify
that it turns on. Haven't actually taken any pictures with it yet. Try that
out tomorrow.

