---
layout: post
title: ""
datestr: March 19, 2002
---

Work. Work. Work.

I've been working, right up until now. The time is 12:47 AM. Actually the 19th.
Tuesday.

I hate working out of my apartment. When I do, I work my ass off, and if I
get &quot;on a roll&quot;, I will work until it is late. Sometimes, very late.
But the hot water didn't come on today until after lunchtime. I'm not into cold
showers. I refuse. This is why I used to travel on Sunday nights, so I wouldn't
have to be around for cold water Mondays.

Tonight counts only as &quot;late&quot;. Very late is 3 or 4 in the AM.

What have I done. Edited a single document into insensibility. With an ugly
hangover (still) from last night.

Last night. Helen called, and said we'd meet at about 9-ish at Rocky Sullivan's,
a place on Lex above 28th. So I was there. The &quot;Stu crowd&quot; showed
at quarter to 10. Helen shows a few minutes later. But once everyone assembled,
a good time was had by all. I don't remember drinking all that much more than
I did Saturday night. But this morning, I was astoundingly damaged.

The word for the month is &quot;astounding&quot;, by the way.

So I hunted around for documents to do expense reports, which is a common &quot;make
work&quot; kind of thing I do when I can't be productive for whatever reason.
I think two receipts I need are at the office. I can't find them here. And since
those two receipts are the entire expense report...

It has not been a productive day, despite working at it so hard.

Working through the headache, that is.

I'm not actually hung over. A hang over is a state of dehydration caused by
alcohol, a diuretic, making your body unload all the H2O you need to remain
functional. I don't have that. The headache is not really a part of the hang
over, per say. It is more often caused by unfermented sugars in whatever your
source of alcohol is. (Certain Belgian beers are really ugly this way. Also
cheap Champagne and Sake.)

Anyway, I just have a headache. I've heard that 90% of all headaches suffered
in the US are either dehydration, or caffeine withdrawal. I've been drinking
water all day. I'm decaffeinated, and have not fallen off that wagon in weeks.
Guinness generally doesn't mess me up this badly, and Rocky's was okay tasting.

It isn't fair, really.

Haley sent out the Vegas e-mail tonight. Weekend of May 10th. Dave was very
careful to find out when I could be there, so I gotta go. But that is okay.
I want to go.

But the Luxor. I wasn't that thrilled with the Luxor when I stayed there. Even
the MGM was better, and the MGM had a so-so casino floor. I could stay in the
Bellagio or something, but that is REALLY far away from the Luxor.

It looks like I'll be firmly in the 40% tax bracket in the UK. Yeek.

But, enough of my whining. Sorry.

Saturday night was fun. Christine and her boyfriend Michael showed (which was
good, as it was their pub we were hanging out at). Haven't seen Christine since
her last day at RiverSoft (all hail the company!). Stu, his girlfriend Sharon,
his mother and sister and a mate of his were there too. Felix showed. Sean stayed
later than he'd planned. Michael's cousin, Tanya and her boyfriend, who's name
I can't remember. (Damnit.)

Anyway, it was a good night. Tommy the bartender, who'd have a very long day
by the time we showed up, kept open for us until like 1:00, 1:30, something
like that. The N train had shut down by then, so I had to cab home. I'd like
the MTA top brass to go out for the night, and then have to take 3 trains home
after 12:00 midnight.

Started the third Harry Potter book today. But didn't have the ability to concentrate
enough to get through the first chapter of a kids book. So I guess I didn't
actually get it started.

Had McDonald's tonight for dinner. First time since I was last in London, actually.
It really is garbage, isn't it?

Into the office tomorrow morning, I think.

