---
layout: post
title: "Sunday, September 1, 2002"
datestr: September 01, 2002
---

Old topic: Work.

As it says on the front page, I got a new job. I will be leaving Micromuse
on the 6th, and starting the new job on the 9th. No rest for the wicked.

I will have to travel a little, but not nearly as much as I have been. This
means I will get to hang in the city more than I have been. I'm looking forward
to that. I also am looking forward to putting up the aquarium. These things
are supposed to have water, and fish, in them. They are much more pleasant to
look at that way.

I'm also looking forward to being here often enough to get Merry Maids in this
apartment to clean the place up. It has progressed over the last 30 months far
beyond my meager skills of putting it back the way it should be. There is nothing
wrong with the situation that burning the place down wouldn't fix. That, however,
is kind of drastic. A large fire in here might anger the neighbors. My insurance
agent probably won't be all that pleased either. I would guess the local constabulary
wouldn't be amused.

So, gotta do it the hard way, I guess.

New topic: Cable Internet

I got broadband internet access via Time Warner Cable, this weekend. Picked
up the stuff on Friday at lunch. I also got digital cable, but it isn't a big
deal. Mostly the cable part was just a pain re-configuring the TiVo for the
new cable box, and the lineup.

Cable internet. So far, I love it. Yesterday, I had a 128 kbps music stream
coming in, and I was still getting nearly instant web pages while surfing. Very
cool.

In my area, I get an IP address via DHCP, as opposed to having to use PPoE
to get connected. This made set-up as easy as just connecting everything together.
I have a &quot;Cable/DSL&quot; router to do firewall and NAT duty, and it includes
an 802.11b access point as well, which will be useful for the new job.

Because I will continue to use Panix and Munged for email and web sites, I
signed up for RoadRunner as the ISP, because it was cheapest. I probably won't
even set up the mailbox or web site that comes with the deal.

The economics of the situation finally convinced me to make the switch from
my ISDN. If I'm not home for an entire month, my Verizon (phone) bill is $65
or so. Probably $30-40 of that is for basic ISDN. If I am home, and using the
net, then it is more like $80-100 for the ISDN. Because ISDN is basically just
another way to make phone calls, you have to have somewhere to dial in to. I
pay Panix $50 a month do dial in for actual Internet access, and the privilege
of dialing into them via 2-chanel ISDN. Right now, via ISDN, I'm getting 128
kbps up and down.

So I figure to save $100 a month to make this change.

Well, time to get moving, and an overcast Sunday. Kind of a crappy Labor Day
weekend, over all, but I should go out and see at least some of it.

