---
layout: post
title: "Now the hard part begins..."
datestr: March 16, 2003
---
Okay.  All the content from the old site has been added to the new one.  That leaves only the hard part of switching to MT to finish.

I was complimented on the look of the new site.  A compliment that should go to the authors of Moveabletype, since it is just the default stylesheet.  I moved a couple of things around on the home page, designed a few index pages by copying other index pages, and made sure the content is all available.

The layout doesn't all make sense.  The "Archives" header is a link that takes you to a different place than do the individual month links below it.  For the record, the Archives header goes to the complete archives, and the links go to the journal pages.  This is due to a startling limitation of MT.  It shall be worked around soon.

The reported Opera web browser problem turned out have nothing to do with the site, and everything to do with styles.  The sidebar to the left is not fixed in location, and actually comes after this column in the html.  So if you browser window isn't wide enough, the sidebar will drop down below the content.  Need to fix that too as part of the style design of the site as a whole.

Read on if you are at all interested in what else needs to be done.  Mostly I've just posted it to remind myself what I'm doing.

Leave comments if you'd like too. (Be nice!)

Other things to do:
<li>Clean up the comments entry stuff so it makes sense. (I don't like the comment pop-up window.)</li>
<li>Put in the news and work sections.  (Those pages are from the old site.)</li>
<li>Do something about the calendar index for the journal.</li>
<li>Take the journal archives links off the home page. (Replace with a "last 10 entries" list?) </li>
<li>Get all the category links going in the right direction.</li>
<li>Design a style for the whole site, and actually put it together.  (CSS2 this time, I think.)</li>
<li>Get something set up for the photo section.</li>

And other things, I'm sure I'll get to.

