---
layout: post
title: "Tuesday, February 11, 2003"
datestr: February 11, 2003
---

Have I mentioned <a href="/imho/dunlavy.html">I love my new speakers?</a>

I'm playing Blue Man Group's, &quot;Audio&quot; CD. Track 9 has an instrument
called simply &quot;the big drum&quot;. This drum is large enough for all three
Blue Men to fit into it, standing up. It is whacked with a 3-foot-long mallet.
It's tone can only be called &quot;powerful&quot;.

It comes... oscilating... out of thin air, every bar or two through the whole
track. I'm absolutely positive that when it is floating around in my apartment,
the lights flicker. Okay, maybe it isn't the actual lights. Maybe it is the
air being moved by this big drum note, and I'm seeing the refraction caused
by sound waves actually traveling through my living room. But maybe it is the
lights, caused by the amplifiers pulling enough power to make this drum beat.
Maybe it is totally psychosomatic, and I'm just hallucinogenating. (I'm high
on my stereo.)

The new job is progressing. I'm learning. Soon, I hope to start venturing into
the real world, because I'm getting bored with all this reading and learning.
I learn better by doing, and it would be nice to start doing, even if it is
just shadowing people who know what they are doing.

Isomair still hasn't paid me for my last expense check. And I still have 9
Isomair Wireless Sentries in my kitchen. If they don't cough up something soon,
I'm going to have to send them a letter threatening to EBay the Sentry boxes.
Also, I'm still waiting for them to send me a stinking W-2.

