---
layout: post
title: "Sunday, January 19, 2002"
datestr: January 19, 2003
---

I arrived home in New York just after 10 pm tonight (Sunday) after an easy
and uneventful flight home. The only real things of note are that you no longer
have to show ID at the gate when boarding a plane, and the TSA opened my luggage
and left me a love letter in the form of a &quot;we opened your luggage&quot;
flyer. They very considerately put a &quot;tamper evident seal&quot; -- which
you and I would call a &quot;cable tie&quot; -- on my suitcase when they were
done. Took me 15 minutes to saw through it so I could get to the chocolate-chip
cookies that were in my suitcase.

What can I say about three weeks of the best time I've had in a long time?

Probably only this: &quot;Thank you all!&quot;

As probably everyone knows by now, I'm between jobs, and while I was in everyone's
presence the last couple of weeks, I just couldn't stress out about it.

Special mention needs to go to Al and Diane, who put up with me living in their
house, and tormenting their dog, for three weeks. Thanks guys. I'm sorry I made
you eat out so much. After staying in their humble palace for three weeks, my
apartment here seems like a crappy little hell-hole.

Thanks also to:
<ul>
<li>

Les and Jeanette for opening their house, and throwing two parties that
bracketed my stay quite nicely. You are amazing.
</li>
<li>

Mandi for rubbing me the right way. She's a Licensed Massage Therapist
(&quot;LMT&quot;), and only she probably knows just how crazy the job thing
is driving me.
</li>
<li>

 Rachelle, for among other things, taking me to the <a href="http://www.jaarsmabakery.com/">Jaarsma
Bakery</a> in Pella Iowa, which I'd never been to in 19 years of actually
living in DSM.
</li>
<li>

 Max, for tacos.
</li>
<li>

 Charles for helping to define a fantasy world. (The drives between MSP
and DSM and back went way to quickly, dude!)
</li>
<li>

 And to everyone else who did nothing more than just hanging out. You were
perfect, all of you.
</li>
</ul>

And now, as all good things seem to, my vacation has ended. Now I turn to the
job of getting a job, and making my apartment livable again. (No, the slumlord
didn't do a damn thing to either the bathroom, or living room, like he was supposed
to while I was gone.)

Pictures will be posted sometime soon. The photo CDs from the New Year's eve
came out very crappy, so I'll have to re-scan them before they can go in the
photo section.

