---
layout: post
title: "BDSM, Iowa Style"
datestr: November 06, 2003
---

My friend Sean C. sent this one in from the <a href="http://www.dmregister.com/" title="Des Moines Register">Des Moines Register</a>:
<blockquote><a href="http://www.dmregister.com/news/stories/c4780927/22690036.html" title="DesMoinesRegister.Com News">ISU student government funds bondage club</a></blockquote>

Sean is to be expected to think this is a big deal. And, for the most part, it is a big deal. Iowa, a mostly rural, hugely conservative, state, isn't known for tolerating things it doesn't understand. Iowa, and the capitol, Des Moines is usually quoted in TV and movies as being that place that is the most normal/straight/square, with a pronounced inability to adapt to the strange and the new.

I'm not saying Des Moines, and Iowa around it, <strong>isn't</strong> capable of being tolerant, just that most outsiders don't think of it that way.  Iowa is in fact populated with people with pretty much the same capacity for the bizarre and out of the ordinary as anywhere else.  There are social pressures to keep &quot;that kind of thing&quot; out of sight, but there is also that everywhere else too. If Iowa lacks anything in this regard, it would be a venue for the strange and new, since there aren't typically enough people in any single place for there to be a critical mass of people willing to be out there first.

And that, is why I think this is A Good Thing. Diversity in all its forms should be encouraged and allowed to flourish if it will. This great country of ours didn't get where it is by everyone thinking the same things, or being the same in every way. This is why we produce the best entertainment in the world, if you want an easy example.

I also think that it is good for the outside world to know that not all in Iowa is not as straight-laced as it might first be assumed. I should know, I grew up there, though I never saw anything like Cuffs.  Some of the best people you'd ever want to meet are there, are friends of mine, and are weirdoes and crazies, every last one of them.

