---
layout: post
title: "New Kitchen - Explained"
datestr: December 03, 2003
---

I said I was <a href="http://www.munged.org/saga/256.html" title="New Kitchen">getting a new kitchen</a>.  Well, I am getting a new kitchen.  I'm getting capet in all the other rooms.  I'm getting another bathroom, which I was going to dedicate to the litterbox for a new cat, until I realized that some good friends wouldn't be able to visit me due to cat alergies.

Yes, I'm moving.

I'm not going far, just upstairs to an appartment on the fourth floor.  That appartment is a 6 room, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, appartment.  It has a dining room.  Not that I'd know what to do with a dining room, but I'll have one should I ever figure it out.  Maybe I'll use the dining room as a photo studio.

The Move happens when it is ready, which it isn't quite yet.  Probably this weekend, after the carpet and cabinets are done. But, we shall see.

### Comments

<blockquote>
I guess that means you're prepared to put us up, now. We can probably even come up with a use for your dining room.

Thanks for your thoughtfulness!

Diane and Al
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Diane Dunlap at December  8, 2003 10:53 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
You would probably be horrified by the kitchen, but you are welcome to drop in any time.  I'd recommend that you drop in when I'm planning on being here, since it just works better that way, usually.

I'm planning on having a guest room, though that room might also be the computer room.  Not sure yet though how it will all work out.  We shall see.

Wook
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Wookie at December 11, 2003 07:04 PM</div> </blockquote>

