---
layout: post
title: "Going Back To Digital Photography... Someday..."
datestr: March 14, 2003
---

I've decided that I'm going to buy a <a href="http://www.nikonusa.com/usa_product/product.jsp?cat=1&grp=2&productNr=25206">Nikon D100, digital SLR</a> when my finances are back to "normal" again. Read on for some of the thought process.

Yes, I'm going back to digital.  The analog thing was cool, but I wasn't able to find a good place in NYC to get PhotoCDs made.  Without that, the next best way to digitize my shots is to buy a scanner and do it all myself.  But when you factor in the price of a good film scanner, it is actually cheaper to get a digital camera.  Especially when you factor in the film processing costs.  ($1000 for me so far in just under a year.)

I've been toying with the idea of "changing sides" to Canon, and go for an <a href="http://www.canon.co.jp/Imaging/EOS1DS/index.html">Canon EOS-1Ds</a> now.  It is an incredible camera, click on that link and follow your way to the sample pictures.  They are HUGE, and the shot of the woman shows every single strand of hair.  But it is almost 7 grand, which is out of my ballpark.

But for two years, the <a href="http://www.nikonusa.com/usa_product/product.jsp?cat=1&grp=2&productNr=25206">D100</a> should be just fine.  The D100's have been flying off the shelf, by all accounts.  At the end of that two years, if Nikon doesn't yet have a camera I want, I'll switch to the EOS then.

My only gripe about the D100 is that the sensor is not a "35 mm" sensor.  Normal 35 mm film is actually 24mm by 36mm in size.  The CCD sensor in the D100 (and all Nikon's camera's actually) is only 15mm by 24mm.  This means two things to me.  The camera isn't going to be able to record as much light as a "real 35mm" camera.  This is all about light, after all.  And it also means that the lenses I own are suddenly 50% longer than they really are.  Because of the change is sensor size, a 50mm lense will take pictures like they were taken with a 75mm lense.  There is a real problem taking wide-angle pictures with this kind of camera.

Still, not a HUGE gripe.  I will probably have to spend some money on shorter lenses, but presuming I don't switch to Canon later, any such investment should not be a lost.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Oh yeah... I might still switch to Canon.  I found rumors on the web that Nikon will be sticking with the 24mm x 16mm, but will simply be upping the resolution of the sensor.  Have to think about this one.

Wook
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Wookie at March 15, 2003 07:54 PM</div> </blockquote>

