---
layout: post
title: "Da Flood Fixed..."
datestr: September 24, 2003
---

Well, maybe I won't move after all.

Boris the Super said early last week he would show early this week to start painting.

Then Boris the Super said later last week he would show on Tuesday to start painting.

Then Boris the Super said on Monday that he would be here Thursday to start painting.

Then Boris the Super said on Tuesday he'd start painting Thursday, but show Wednesday night (tonight) to get things ready.  Move everything out of the living room, move the furniture into the middle and cover all of it.

Today he showed at 9:00 AM to start on all of it.  Boris the Super is basically a day early, and it wasn't hugely convienient to have him start today because I'm working from home today.  But I ain't complaining any more than that.

My living room is a pile under tarps.  It is in a shambles right now, on its way to being nice again.

He scraped everything off the walls that would come off.  This includes a few HUGE chunks in unlikely places that went all the way down to the lathe the plaster rides on.  This took him almost the whole day.   Then he started plastering it all, to make it nice and smooth.  He isn't done yet, but it is a start.  He will finish the pastering.  The plaster must dry.  Then primer, which must dry.  Then paint, which is the final touch.  All in all, I could have my living room back by next week.

Then, they start on the bathroom.  All the tile comes down, the wall replastered and prepped.  Then tile goes back up.  Boris says 4 days.  Oh joy.

