---
layout: post
title: "Waiter, There's A Veil In My Soup"
datestr: September 07, 2003
---

Friday night, I went home with a friend from work, and had dinner in Brooklyn with her and her husband.  We went to a Turkish place on Montague Street near Borough Hall.  I had the Sultan's Feast (or something like that) that was amazing, and tried a little of some of the rest of it.  I enjoyed the food, the company, and the stripper.

No, wait, she wasn't a stripper.  There were no private parts on display, no nearly-public nudity.

She was a belly dancer.  She was talented, which I know because friends of mine belly dance, so I've seen it, good and bad, before.  She was very good looking.  Slim and trim, with a nice face, a big open smile, a nice body, and soft, firm skin.  I know about the skin, because I got to touch it when I was tucking dollar bills into her, uh, skirt, or whatever belly dancers wear on their lower half.

Since when do belly dancers make money this way?  Is this normal?

The reason I don't frequent "Gentlemen's Clubs" or "Titty Bars" is because of the massive display of pathetic lust that is usually going on.  I can only take so much of guys humiliating themselves before I have to go elsewhere.  I guess I have a fairly low tolerance for pathetic.

So there I was, with good friends, meal eaten, stuffing dollar bills into a woman's garments like she was a cheap stripper.  Except she wasn't a cheap stripper.

I didn't really start to feel dirty until after we left.  I think I was confused by the fact that she wore all her clothing the whole time I saw her.

Having said all this, I will be going back.  The food, as I mentioned, was really good, and it isn't really all that hard to get to for being in Brooklyn.  Plus, I will probably hang with friends there too.

