---
layout: post
title: "Dog vs. Metro North"
datestr: June 22, 2003
---

I was on the train home tonight.  The train was full, and we were riding at the front, as we often do.  I was standing in the front door, watching where we were going, as I often do.

The 5:58 Harlem line train is express from White Plains to GCT. But it stopped at Botanic Gardens.  The doors didn't open.  But the operator opened his door and started calling back to the conductors.  He'd seen a dog on the tracks.  He said the dog ran under the platform, but he wanted to make sure he didn't run over it.

And there we sat, for about 10 minutes, while the conductors looked to see if they could see the dog.  The train behind ours had to stop for us.  The train supervisors on the radio seemed to take it all in stride.  "Let us know," was all they said.

Finally, we pulled ahead slowly.  The train behind us reported seeing the dog under the platform too, and about the time our train got to Manhattan, the reports on the radio said the Botanic Gardens station people found the dog, and got it off the tracks.

It is kind of touching that a whole train line would shut down for a dog. Comforting, in fact.  Railroads, and Metro North considers itself a real railroad, make no mistake, are serious about efficiency, and being on time.  But they stopped for a little dog on the tracks.

Maybe there is hope for people after all.  If they will stop a train for a dog, maybe they'll learn, sooner or later, to stop the train for a person.

