---
layout: post
title: "Geeking Out On A Friday Night"
datestr: April 18, 2003
---

So, it is a Friday night, and I'm at home.  I should be out having fun, but I'm not.  Rather, I'm getting ready for my DSM trip in a couple of weeks.  The biggest thing was to get the ThinkPad ready to be the repository of all photos.

That involved putting Nikon View 6.0.1 on it...
<blockquote>
THAT involved somehow hacking my way into XP, because it would seem I forgot my password somehow.  That I would forget a password on this machine isn't actually possible, but I couldn't log into XP, so it must be true, or the password I know I needed had expired.  I finally gave up on that, and just blew it away and re-installed XP...

THAT involved getting the IBM Restore function to work, because putting Linux and Grub on the box messed that all up.  I finally got it to work...

THAT involved using the restore partition to create a floppy (!) to "fix" the restore partition so XP could be reloaded with extreme prejudice...

THAT involved getting rid of the non-dos partitions on the machine, which it seems the restore can't do...

THAT involved finding a Linux CD to boot from, get into rescue mode, and fdisk the partitions away, since DOS fdisk didn't seem up to the task.
</blockquote>

(And people ask me what it is about computers and technology that is driving me out of the industry.)

Oh, and yeah, I said &quot;floppy disk&quot;.  I haven't used a floppy for anything serious in so long, I'm pretty sure if I actually used any of the ones I have here, the megnetic stuff would just flake off in the computer.  I should probably buy a box of them, just to have around.  I seem to have a need for a few every year.

So I...
<blockquote>
Blew away the linux partitions...

Created the restore recovery floppy...

Fixed the restore partition...

And re-installed XP.
</blockquote>

The re-install of XP is STILL GOING.  I started the actual process of installing software (copying files) at 7:00 pm or so.  For the first hour, various dos-based install programs copied stuff around, rebooting every couple of minutes.  It spent the next hour after that, installing XP.  Then it spent a half hour installing assorted IBM programs, a few of which are actually useful.  I've spent the last 90 minutes running Windows Update.  I hope to have this machine ready for Nikon View -- remember Nikon View, that is the reason for all this -- by the time I head off for Des Moines in a couple of weeks.

Not a glamorous Friday night, but a useful one.

P.S. Yes, I used the word "floppy" twice.

