---
layout: post
title: "The Garbage Thing"
datestr: May 10, 2004
---

The problem with using Freshdirect, is one of garbage.  Or rather, getting rid of garbage.

It is the little things that annoy you, ya know?

I used to go to C-Town, the crappy grocery store across the street, a couple times a week.  I'd come home with a couple of bags of stuff.  The stuff would go in the fridge or whatever.  That bags, eventually, would go in the waste basket, to be used as a trash liner.

This was an ideal situation, because the garbage chute in this building isn't very large.  Anything much larger than a plastic grocery bag, is to big to fit easily into the chute.  Also, I always had more bags than I could use, so those occational fits of housekeeping would use up the extras.

Well, today I'm cleaning a little so that I can clear some space.  New airconditioners will be installed tomorrow, and I need to clear space to move the stereo around in the living room, and I'm probably going to have to out-right change where the computer desk is in the office so the air conditioner isn't blowing right on me when I'm working.

And, I'm almost out of plastic grocery bags.  Freshdirect delivers in boxes, which are easier to manage on a truck, and to carry on hand carts for delivery.

Now, I have to remembe to buy trash bags.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Hmmm. Food in Boxes, or Food in Bags? <br />
How can one decide this great question of the Universe?<br />
Can you fill a box with trash and then dump the trash down the chute?<br />
Why not make modern art/sculpture out of the boxes and launch a new carreer as a non-starving Artist?<br />
I'll stay tuned for the answers to these questions even tho they won't absolve you of buying trash bags : )
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Rachelle at May 12, 2004 11:09 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
So, when I was in Chicago a few days ago, I ran into a guy in the hotel bar that might have been able to help. He was faculty at Virginia Tech and did research on corregated boxes and pallets. Yes, I too thought "but.. boxes and pallets haven't changed for, like, ever so where's the research". But it is here today that I see the new opportunity. Boxes that both are efficient at carrying food AND can easily fit down a NYC garbage chute. 

I should have asked for a business card. 
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Kevin at May 15, 2004 04:27 PM</div> </blockquote>

