---
layout: post
title: "Orange You Glad?  I Am!"
datestr: April 23, 2004
---

I'm addicted to Sunkist oranges.

As <a href="http://www.munged.org/saga/286.html" title="The Ultimate Grocery Store Experience">posted before</a>, I ordered from <a href="http://www.freshdirect.com/">FreshDirect</a>, a web-based grocery delivery service.  Since then, I've ordered twice more.  The last delivery was Thursday night, and the fridge is packed almost full.

A side effect of not having to get out to pick up stuff, is that I'm somewhat more likely to order things that are good for me, but that I wouldn't generally pick up for myself.  There is a half a head of lettuce in the crisper now, and that is something that hasn't graced the inside of my appartment, let alone the fridge, since Claire was last here.

I'm not sure why I order different things than when I go out for it.  A rather strange kind of lazieness, maybe.  Choosing 18 Sunkist oranges is more trouble than it is worth.  Produce here is sub-standard, and finding 18 that aren't either half green, or with more dimples from being shmushed than a  golf ball, is really hard.

But if someone else drops them off next to the fridge, well, then...

I'm eating 4 oranges a day, on average.  And I can't get enough of them.  Sunkist oranges peal easily, pull apart into wedges nicely, and burst with cool, tart, juice at the first bite.  They are incredible.  They are also nearly impossible to find in my neighborhood.

My neighborhood is a good area, but definately lower-middle-class; good hard-working people.  The stores have to recoup the incredible costs for space and employees, so they are all about selling sub-standard quality at above-normal prices.  But they can't sell for to much, or nobody here will be able to afford them.

So, I haven't had oranges, really, in a very long time.  And that is a shame, because I do like them.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Wook, 

Here we are once again, and I am agin in Tokyo, and have my own apartment with a kitchen, bathroom, washer/dryer, and comes out to a total of approx. 150 sq. ft.  (oh yea, a tv, vcr, and queen sized bed).  ANYWAY, the reason for this post, personally, I (as you know) love to eat.  So I decided to go grocery shopping near my apartment for the essentials, and as I walked into the produce isle of the grocery store, I saw something that was absolutely scary...

Apparently, Japanese people will pay 100.00 dollars american for a cantelope, and 75.00 dollars for 5 strawberries.  From what I understand, these are "perfect" fruit, and therefore deserve the price....  Personally I couldn't see any difference between the cheap ones and the expensive ones....
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Mike F at June  2, 2004 03:08 AM</div> </blockquote>

