---
layout: post
title: "Typewriter?"
datestr: August 09, 2004
---

Today I saw a lady on the 7 train carrying a box labeled "Smith-Corona Electronic Typewriter".

I wonder what was in it.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Here's a bizarre thought - for those individuals who haven't discovered the wonderful (heavy dose of scarcasm) world of technology, laptops, and all that garbage...perhaps, just perhaps, it was an actual typewriter.  They do still exist.  They can even occasionally be useful.  Just because I forgot how to turn one on once doesn't mean they don't have a place in the greater scheme of things.

On the other hand...perhaps it was the severed...oh, really shouldn't finish that thought.  Hah!
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Jolie at August 10, 2004 03:52 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Gasp!

Noooooooooo.....
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Wookie at August 10, 2004 05:17 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
HAHAHAHAHA!

(Goes along with the whole "girls are evil" thing...)<br />

<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Jolie at August 12, 2004 11:49 AM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Uh... turn it on? You can TURN ON a typewriter? The 1953 Underwood I learned to type on did not "TURN ON". <br />
It just kinda sat there no matter how hard I pounded the keys. It didn't even stretch and yawn. I'd call it fairly non-reactive, although it did go clickety-clack while  it's little arms thrashed back and forth putting little black or red letters on the page when I stroked it. Maybe it tickled. 
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Ray at August 12, 2004 05:35 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
I was going to say, "What a man!" in response to Wookie turning on a typewriter. But I think I'm more impressed by Ray making a strictly manual partner thrash its arms. Wook loses points for having to use electricity. And for forgetting how to do it. Don't they always say its like riding a bike?

Diane
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Diane at August 12, 2004 10:05 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
The only thing that is like riding a bike is... riding a bike.

I'm disappointed in all of you. I figured there would be speculation on what was in the box, and was looking forward to it.  Only Jolie came thru, and only then just barely with a joke that while it looks evil, is just too cliche to really be that impressive.

Oh well.  Better luck next time.

Wook
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Wookie at August 13, 2004 12:18 AM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Oh good heaven...I have been reprimanded for not being evil enough...I am abashed and ashamed and duly warned!
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Jolie at August 13, 2004 01:36 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Ahem, ... I chose to think OUTSIDE the Box, thank you! <br />
So, I'll take my manual partner and go home now. <br />
Besides, it came in a nifty case that said "Underwood" on the side. <br />
I guess I'll just have to keep looking for the "UberWood"! <br />
I don't suppose THAT"S what she had in the box....?
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Ray at August 15, 2004 10:05 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
"Manual partner"?  Should I ask?
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Wookie at August 15, 2004 11:25 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Diane commented on it. <br />
And my POWERS over it. <br />
Inanimate objects bow to me and behave in strange and wondrous ways when near me. <br />
It is apparently  just ONE of my  many mutant super powers.
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Ray at August 16, 2004 06:07 PM</div> </blockquote>

