---
layout: post
title: "Photo Toys to Drool Over"
datestr: September 21, 2004
---

A week or so ago, Nikon announced a camera that I've been waiting to see, the <a href="http://www.nikonusa.com/template.php?cat=1&grp=2&productNr=D2X" title="Nikon USA: D2X">Nikon D2X</a>.  There has been some rumor that Nikon would go with a full sized digital sensor in that camera, which was something I was interested in.  But they didn't go that way, the D2X has a APS sized sensor.

Then, 5 days after Nikon announced the 12.4 Megapixel D2X, Canon announced their new <a href="http://www.canon.co.jp/Imaging/eos1dsm2/" title="Canon EOS-1Ds Mark II">16.7 Megapixel EOS-1Ds Mark II</a>.

So the thing you have to ask yourself, or maybe just the thing I'm asking myself, is:
<blockquote>Can I find eight-thousand bux to by a new camera?</blockquote>

The answer is of course, "No".  I'd have to actually be making money doing photography to justify having either of these cameras.  And since I mostly take photos of science fiction and anime fans so far, the possibility of actually clearing a profit is slim.

The one thing that has happened though is that I'm seriously considering abandoning Nikon and moving to Canon gear.  For assorted reasons, none having to do with practicalities of this issue, I prefer a SLR that is actually a 35mm camera, which the Nikon is not.  Not being able to buy something gives you the freedom to make choices based on totally idealistic criteria.

Thing is, getting a Canon camera also involves replacing all my lenses as well, which isn't cheap either, though I have yet to buy any truly expensive lenses.  Just going thru a couple of little excersizes, it looks like it would cost me around ten grand to replace what I have now, maybe slightly more depending on what versions of some of the lenses I would be happy with.  Again, to much money to fork out if I wasn't making money that way.

Ah well, it is nice to have dreams.  Set your goals high, you might someday get them, and you'd hate to feel cheated.

### Comments

<blockquote>
*begins drooooooling*
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Jessie-ED! at September 21, 2004 09:58 PM</div> </blockquote>

