---
layout: post
title: "Definition of "Jaded":"
datestr: October 19, 2004
---

Okay,  now I know I've been living in New York City just a <span class="reallyreally">leetle bit</span> to long.  Emergency sirens are a part of life here.  Cops, firetrucks, assorted city functionaries, and ambulances, are all over, and often going somewhere with their sirens blaring.

After a while, you get used to them, and tune them out.

But I know that I've been here to long, and gotten too used to it, because as I was coming home yesterday evening, I walked across the street in front of an ambulance....

An ambulance with it siren going...

An ambulance with a driver that didn't look amused to find me in the middle of his lane.

Sigh.

For what it's worth &mdash; very little, I know &mdash; the light <span class="reallyreally">did</span> say &quot;Walk&quot;.

So I'm wondering what is next, wandering unaware thru a gangland driveby or something equally dumb?  Am I going to get myself killed because I didn't notice that the guy in line in front of me was robbing the place when i tried to sneak in ahead of him?

### Comments

<blockquote>
Speaking for those drivers or emergency vehicles (since one of my best friends is a paramedic)...

PAY ATTENTION OR GET SQUISHED.  Duh!
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Jolie at October 20, 2004 05:35 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Ah, you have forgotten your midwestern roots.  In the small Iowa town I grew up by, whenever any emergency vehicles(usually fire trucks)went roaring out of town with lights and sirens going, half the community would follow along just to see what was happening.  Things like that just don't happen all the time as they do in your "big city."  Ya might want to pay a little more attention to "sounds close" sirens or you too might end up as a hood ornament or speed bump for that next emergency vehicle.

Jon<br />

<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Jon at October 20, 2004 11:29 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Why it is the new game . . . Hunting the Wookie.  Are you the lucky one to catch Wookie wondering across the street and you get to squish him... Just think of the points you get and it is doubled if you leave his shoes right where he was standing. OR will he be gangster drive by or the robbing the convient story. But this is a limited offer.  For once you get the wookie, the new series starts...Hunting the Bobster. Get all those favorite big guys and have they hanging on the wall. Those long locks, the handsome faces.  Get them all today.  Coming soon...Kill Bill G. 
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Mandi at October 21, 2004 09:15 AM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
It seems that I startled one of my friends "little maniacal even by your standards" with my spoof on the bad games shows and reality shows out there with "Hunting the Wookie".  *Sigh* Death Race 2000 is no more it seems. Must be residue from being the Bride in a play called "Kill Bill Shatner".  The agony, the pain . . . the blood, Oh my. 
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Mandi at October 22, 2004 01:25 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Not only did I get it, but I enjoyed it.  Made me smile.

Wook
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Wookie at October 22, 2004 11:22 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
I like the name "Wookie Whackie" -- if I get a vote... 
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Susan at October 24, 2004 07:45 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Ummm...when I think of "Wookie Whackie" my mind goes in a very different direction...

SLAP!

Jon.<br />

<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Jon at October 31, 2004 09:24 PM</div> </blockquote>

