---
layout: post
title: "Movie Review: Van Helsing"
datestr: May 23, 2004
---
<p class="reallyreallyreally">Hokey.

'nuff said.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Yeah, I'd have to agree with ya!  I think this movie is great for 16 year old boys with the attention span of children; If you don't like one monster just wait five minutes and you'll have another one!  It's a terrible movie:)
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Megs at May 24, 2004 05:05 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Hokey, yes.  Terrible, yes.  Screwed up plot, yes...if there was a plot.  But did I enjoy it ...yes actually. But I was not expecting anything and I just wanted a cut up, gross out and one liner fest. So I got what I was going for. Oh and Hugh with long hair. ;-D
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Mandi at May 24, 2004 11:10 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
I laughed my ass off through the whole thing, actually.  I suspect I wasn't supposed to though.  My friend Susan chose this stinker, based on some opinions she is going to have to go back and check on.  I suspect that her informant thinks "Hugh Jackman is SOOOOOOOO dreamy!"

Ah well, Kill Bill vol 2 is out.  Gotta see that one next.  Quick!  Nobody tell me it's good or not, so I can go into it with totally unset expectations.

Wook
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Wookie at May 25, 2004 12:54 AM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Not horrible, but not wonderful, and not something I'd recommend to my mother, who actually really likes good Dracula stories...this was definitely not a good Dracula story.  I didn't leave the theatre thinking "yuck I want my money back" the way I have after other things like, oh, I don't know...the final "Matrix" movie. 

Anyway...plot?  Who needs a plot when Hugh Jackman looks that good!   (Viggo he isn't...but he's a close second.)  And it was also nice to see David Wenham in a fluffy/funny role - I really liked the character of Carl, just 'cause I like Wenham and he was funny.  Could have done without the dumb haircut, though!
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Jolie at May 27, 2004 05:44 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
But monks are supposed to have bad haircuts.  Must be a sign of devotion or something.

Wook
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Wookie at May 28, 2004 11:59 AM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Bad haircuts, yes.  Usually the tonsure or else plopping a bowl on their head and cutting around it so that their hair is all the same length.  Flippy little curly things around their head like a fringe, no! 
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Jolie at May 28, 2004 02:00 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Wook,<br />
I agree wiht you about this movie being Honkey as you put it. I think it would have been better if they actually went with the true storie of Dracula. Van Hellsing was only good for one reason and that was Hugh Jackmon playing Van Hellsing. Yah i knwo it was a small rip off of the anime Hellsing however the anime is a whole lot better! Thank you for leting me add my 2 cents worth in....Nikki
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Nikki Harper at June 17, 2004 07:38 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Wook,<br />
I agree wiht you about this movie being Honkey as you put it. I think it would have been better if they actually went with the true storie of Dracula. Van Hellsing was only good for one reason and that was Hugh Jackmon playing Van Hellsing. Yah i knwo it was a small rip off of the anime Hellsing however the anime is a whole lot better! Thank you for leting me add my 2 cents worth in....Nikki
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Nikki Harper at June 17, 2004 07:39 PM</div> </blockquote>

