---
layout: post
title: "It's a bike!"
datestr: June 19, 2005
---

There are parts of me that will hurt for a <span class="reallyreallyreally">very long time</span>.

Yes, the first bike ride was today.

I must say, you always know how to ride a bicycle.  After 20 years of not riding ever, I did today.  It has been so long, I couldn't even have described shifting of weight to stay balanced.  I was surprised at how easy it was to stay balanced after not having done it for all that time.  I was also then surprised, as you might imagine, at how hard it was to make that first corner without falling over.

I started by riding around the block.  This was a nice start, so I got ambitious.  I rode to the 59th Street bridge, which I will have to go over to get to central park, which is probably the best local riding around here.  It got to the bridge okay, and decided to try going over.

Anyone who has seen a bridge should understand that when I say "half way up", I mean one-quarter of the way across the whole bridge.  Half the bridge goes "up", the other half goes "down".  It was about "half way up" that I decided it was time to turn around and go home.

In the end, it was a good half-hour.  I will now keep doing this, until I can get to the park, and go around it a couple of times.

And now, it is time for a nap.

### Comments

<blockquote>
YES! You've taken your first spin into a larger world by joining the few, the proud, the self propelled. Cheers! 
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: RayRay at June 20, 2005 12:36 AM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
The sore legs, the sore arms, the sore ass, the sore back, the sore *personal parts*... yes you have taken the first spin as the self propelled.  Be proud, Get Healthy, Recieve the most interesting bruises on parts of the anatomy that should not have bruises. Have fun and don't become wookie-road-pizza. <br />
Mandi
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Mandi at June 20, 2005 06:09 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Wookie-road-pizza......

we could have an entire thread on that......
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Mike Fannan at June 24, 2005 08:50 AM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
It's been a week...... Do your parts still hurt?<br />

<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Ray at June 27, 2005 12:02 AM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
I get to see you in a couple of weeks!
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Jessie aka ED at July 13, 2005 10:10 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Speaking of sore "personal parts", you were clever enough to get proper biking shorts, weren't you? If I'd known such things existed when I started biking last summer, I wouldn't have shocked the gynecologist.

Diane
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Diane at July 18, 2005 11:42 PM</div> </blockquote>

