---
layout: post
title: "Vegas!"
datestr: November 25, 2005
---

Arrived in Vegas today, after a somewhat ugly trip out here.  For reasons explained elsewhere, I flew Frontier Airlines thru Denver (150 minute layover too) to get here.  This means that I had shitty seats (2E, a middle seat, and 4F a window) with zero legroom.  I was not in a good mood when I landed.

Then Hertz didn't give me a SUV with a Neverlost in it.  So they gave me a different one that had a NeverLost that didn't come on.  Then they gave me a Tahoe, which is bigger than I'd really like, but I was past being THAT picky by that time.

It turns out that on 4 day weekends like the Thanksgiving, all the Californians drive to Vegas.  So even though the city isn't any busier than it normally is, The Strip is even worse than normal, if that is possible.  It took a very long time to get to my hotel on that road.

Then at the hotel, my room smelled really bad.  When I got to it, the door was proppped open with the deadbolt, for somereason.  I'm unsure what the smell was, and I'd really rather not speculate.  When housekeeping came up to investigate and spray deoderizer on everything, they removed some unidetifiable article of clothing from under the drapes.  After that, the smell dissapated before I got all my luggage up to the room.  A happy ending to a bad start.

But I am here.  I plan to start having fun as soon as I get unwound from the trip out here.  We see Le Femme at the MGM Grand tonight, and I'm not sure what is planned for dinner.  But it should be fun.

