---
layout: post
title: "Just Can't Post Today"
datestr: May 01, 2005
---

I want to put something up here.  I've been sitting looking at the &quot;Create New Entry&quot; screen for about half an hour now.  Guess I'll just have to post later, when I have something to say.

And it isn't that I didn't try to post something today.

I started doing a rant about how <a href="http://tinyurl.com">TinyURL.com</a> is a communist plot designed to make you click on every link that comes to you because you can't see where they will go.  I.E. You start with:
<blockquote><a href="http://sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2005/04/08/DDG27BCFLG1.DTL">http://sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2005/04/08/DDG27BCFLG1.DTL</a></blockquote>

And TinyURL turns it into:
<blockquote><a href="http://tinyurl.com/6valr">http://tinyurl.com/6valr</a></blockquote>

Any URL that actually needs to be shortened by this service is probably a URL that doesn't need to be looked at by anyone but the person that found it.  And the TinyURL doesn't mean anything.  With the longer form, I can see the site it will go to, and - in this case - the publish date.

But I just couldn't do that one justice.

Next up was just a quick post about not going to get my bicycle yesterday.  The weather here was fugly, dreary, and not conducive to being out in it.  So I didn't.

But I didn't post that one either.

Then the third thing I didn't post at all, is something that has come up since I started not writing this.

Just two days ago, I cleaned up my computer desk.  I dusted everyting, and removed the stack of papers that has recently made opening the Powerbook on my desk a challenge.  This effort is in preparation for moving the computer out to the living room to be by the TV and stereo.

Now, I have what must be dust mites crawling around in my Cinema Display.  The little fuckers are UNDER the LCD panel, but ON TOP OF the backlight.

This is <span class="reallyreallyreally">really distracting</span>.

Given the air &quot;quality&quot; in New York City, the monitor is probably full of dust by now.  Even if my desk was pristine all the time, I'd still have a monitor full of dust.  This probably means there is not a whole lot I can do about it other than get a new one...

But I didn't post that either.

Oh well.  Another day I guess.

