---
layout: post
title: "Attention: Wook is OLD"
datestr: February 27, 2005
---

I used the phrase "...and I'm old enough to be your father!" the other day, and didn't think anything of it until hours later.

For the record, I am, but only be being a father at 15 myself.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Feh.  What do you know about being old?  Why, when I was your age.....

 -  Robert
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Robert at February 28, 2005 05:16 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Gotcha both beat ya whippersnappers! GASP!!!  Pass the Geritol! But wait a few years for the Depends. For the record, if I had had a child when reaching legal age, , he/she/it would be almost 26!  And I started sounding like my parents half a dozen years ago.. ... reminiscing about back when I walked to school thru 3 feet of snow, UPHILL, BOTH WAYS!!!  YOU may be OLD WooK, but not ME! It's a state of Mind and since I can't remember which  of the States I left mine in, I am in the clear! 
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Ray at March  1, 2005 09:28 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Don't start on the old stuff. I had someone in college at the age of 23 say they were old and when his mindset took that form...he became old.  Even though I have to say seeing kids graduate from high school or college that you babysat can stop you in your steps oh and then there is ....
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Mandi at March  4, 2005 09:04 AM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Ha!  Try realizing - at the age of 30 which is now several years past - that you could be the parent of a college freshman.  Of course I'd have been 14 at the time...ARGH now I know how the older generation feels...the freshmen really do get younger every year!
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Jolie at March 28, 2005 02:55 PM</div> </blockquote>

