---
layout: post
title: "Winter Night in Des Moines"
datestr: January 06, 2005
---

I've been in Des Moines now since New Years Eve.  The weather has been, for the most part, pretty crappy the majority of the time.  The last two days have been freezing rain.  Tonight it finally turned to snow, which is forming a nice snow-pac on top of sheer ice.

Welcome to the midwest in winter.

 For my part, I'm enjoying the hell out of the weather now that is is snowing.  I keep looking out, watching the world turn white.  I even enjoy driving around in it, so long as I don't have to share the roads.  Scraping the ice and snow off the rental car is something that doesn't bother me, unless it takes to long and I don't get somewhere I'd like to be.  I haven't shoveled a driveway yet, and I probably won't unless Al and Diane's show blower doesn't work.  (Or no longer exists.  Been a while since I saw it.)

Des Moines even had a white winter, they tell me, though the snow they got just before winter was mostly gone by the time I got here for New Years Eve.  And I didn't get a White New Year's, but a white Wednesday is enough.

My only real regret about the weather is that I'm supposed to be going home tomorrow evening.  Be interesting to see if flights make it in or out of Des Moines.  Weather forecasts, which are pretty much useless anyway, were saying "6 to 12 inches by this time tomorrow", and are now saying "12 to 15 inches, on and off, in the next 36 hours".  A useful gauge of my chances of getting home, this is not.  Be interesting to see what happens.

### Comments
