---
layout: post
title: "The Far Side... The WHOLE Far Side"
datestr: April 27, 2005
---

I made an order from Amazon recently.  One of the things I got was "The Complete Far Side" collection, by Gary Larson.  Maybe it is appropriate of the Far Side, that I'm trying to figure out what the books are.

You see, this is ALL of the Far Side ever printed, and some that weren't ever printed.  It comes as two volumes.  The books are HUGE, and weigh a ton.

They might be coffee table books, but I'd be afraid to put them on my coffee table for fear it would collapse.  I should probably use then AS a coffee table.  And I had intended to read them in bed before going to sleep.  But I need a bigger bed.

I'm not even sure if I have a bookshelf that can handle these monsters.

Still, they are damn cool.  The foward is by Steve Martin, and was even sorta funny.  They are nicely done books, even if porky, but on the other hand, there are a lot of Far Sides.  It ran for 14 years, which is long enough to fit in just two volumes, if they are the weight of boat anchors.

So if you don't hear from me soon, send a search party. I've probably dropped one of these on myself.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Well that would be a Far Side in itself.  Where's wookie, and we see you flat as a pancake with both Far side volumes on top of you.  Very fitting for the Far Side sence of humor.<br />

<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Mandi at April 28, 2005 08:47 AM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
If you get killed by the Far Side...

Can I have your stereo?
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Dave M at April 29, 2005 09:50 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
OMG! Hiiiii Wookie! Just checking on you. Haven't talked to you in a while :D I LOOOOOOVE Farside. I never knew some of them weren't pubished!!! I have to look in to this! Love ya!

Jessie
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Jessie at May  1, 2005 03:50 AM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
To Dave: NO
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Wookie at May  1, 2005 03:33 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
I think the SC 4/A's would make good surrounds...

And make Jaime very happy.
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Dave M at May  2, 2005 12:22 AM</div> </blockquote>

