---
layout: post
title: "Friday, the 10th of June, 2005 at 10:55 AM EST"
datestr: June 10, 2005
---

The new computer arrived.

11:45 AM

Realize while reading thru the book for the new machine, that I need an adapter to connect my ADC monitor (Apple Display Connector) to my DVI graphics card.  This adapter is not shipped with the computer, it seems.  A trip to the Apple SoHo store is required.  Thus, lunch plans are made.

At this point, I am unsure just how much data on the old machine I wish to transfer to the new one.  Decisions, decisions.

12:15 PM

On the phone with Apple to figure out what happened to the Firewire 800 cards I ordered and they said were included in this shipment.

12:30 PM

Lunch.  At the Apple Store.

1:30 PM

Return from Apple store with DVI to ADC adapter.  It comes in a box the size and shape of a toaster.  The adapter itself is a little smaller than an Airport Extreme, and looks like an overgrown Airport Express with a power cord attached.  It plugs into power to power the monitor, and takes a USB port on the computer to support the USB ports on the monitor.

Sucks, but until I can justify a 30-inch Cinema Display for myself, this will have to do.

### Comments

<blockquote>
So, what machine did you get?

Not that you're old machine didn't already leave me in the dust.
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Dave M. at June 10, 2005 02:27 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
So what happened to your old machine?  Has it gone to computer heaven? Was it a bad machine and you had to punish it?  Or did it just fry it's little brains out?
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Mandi at June 13, 2005 11:44 PM</div> </blockquote>

