---
layout: post
title: "Yet Another Birthday"
datestr: November 28, 2006
---

Well, today is my birthday again.  I'm 41 this year.  Which is good, I figure, since I was 40 last year, it is good that I'm progressing in age at a normal rate.  I'd hate to be 45 or something this year.

So what did I do for myself for my birthday?

Nothing specifically.  A bunch in general.

The day started with me getting up to late to make a thing on time in Manhattan I wanted to do.  But I went into the city anyway to deposit my first <a href="http://www.realops.com" tittle="RealOps Inc">RealOps</a> paycheck.  Then I stopped by <a href="http://www.compusa.com" tittle="CompUSA Web Site">CompUSA</a> and got myself:
<ul>
<li> a new cable/DSL router w/8-port switch in it</li>
<li> a Wluetooth Apple Mighty Mouse</li>
<li> a LinkSys USB 802.11g adapter</li>
<li> a SanDisk 4Gig USB Flash Drive</li>
</ul>

The new router replaced an old one that burned out recently.  And the 8-port switch is a good thing to reduce the clutter of assorted network gear on my desk.  The Mighty Mouse, as much as it sucks, is the only decent Bluetooth mouse out there.  The USB WiFi adapter was for my Tivo, though it turns out it doesn't work with my Tivo.  And the Flash Drive is because I used to have one that is too small, and lost, and they are <span class="reallyreallyreally">hugely</span> handy having around.

Then I went to It's Just Lunch to sign up for a series of blind dates with women who are also either to busy or pathetic (or like me: both) to be "out there".

From there, I went to the Sprint Store to get a new cell phone.  At the Sprint store, I discovered that Sprint doesn't actually want anyone to buy anything at their stores, so I walked out after 15 minutes of not talking to another soul that could help me.  Thing is, I don't think the experience at any other phone store in Manhattan is going to be any better.  So I'll wait and pick it up on the net, or wait until I'm in some other city.

Then, I came home.  Installing the router involved cleaning up my desk.  That involved pulling out about half the cable from under my desk, all unused.  That involved vaccuuming under the desk.  Then I set up my Airport, so that the Tivo could get to the internet that way.  I also took the oportunity to set up my Canon i9900 printer.  I put it on the Airport so all computers could get to it, more on how that works out in a while.  I did take the oportunity to print a couple of my favorite photos at 8.5x11.

Then I tried out the USB WiFi adapter on the Tivo.  The results have already been spoiled, it doesn't work.  Oh well.

Then I put some FreshDirect meatballs on to warm up.  These things are nicely tasty, just a bit to garliccy, which is how I like them.  Yummy.

Now I'm updating Munged.Org, while finishing a pint of Haagen Dazs, Chocolate Chocolate Chip.

Soon, I'll geek out playing some WoW, or maybe EQMac.  Haven't decided yet.

I got the one last Charles Stross book I haven't ready yet while I was in Pittburgh for Thanksgiving.  So I'll have a glass of scotch, and read until I fall asleep.

Maybe not the most exciting birthday I've ever had.  But it will do for me, today.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Happy Belated!
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Jolie at November 30, 2006 04:35 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Wookie!

Congratulations on what, to me, sounds like the absolute perfect way to spend a birthday regardless of age.    Who could ask for more than doing pretty much what you want, 'just because'?  That's like doggy nose out the car window sun on your face type of happy.

And, I know you meant it would be a wicked space-time adjustment to go from being 40 to 45 in one year.... but, just for the record, being 45 isn't bad.  :)

Hope to see you at DMSFS New Years!

Becky
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Becky from Iowa at December  1, 2006 12:48 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Happy Birthday!
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Megs at December  3, 2006 02:31 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Happy Belated Birthday, Wook!

Sounds like you had a nice birthday, although you probably had more fun with us in Las Vegas last year. :)

How about next year in Chicago?
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Haley at December  5, 2006 01:58 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
And just think, next year you'be the answer to the Ultimate Question!

See ya at SACC.

Jon<br />

<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Jon at December  8, 2006 12:13 AM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Ha ha.  No, I'm sure 45 is just fine, but doing it 4 years early would just make me feel cheated, somehow.

Thanks all.  My present to myself for my birthday is a new Tivo, that will do HD.  Christmas to me is thus, a HD TV, I think.  Just gotta do some research.

Wook
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Wookie at December  8, 2006 05:59 PM</div> </blockquote>

