---
layout: post
title: "My Tivo 4 Years Along"
datestr: December 10, 2006
---

My Tivo, is over 4 years old now.  I got it back in 2002, and told the <a href="http://www.munged.org/imho/tivo.html">story</a> of it in the rants section.  It was an instant hit here, and has loyally watched most of my TV shows for me in the last 4 years.

And it will be replaced in the next few weeks.

Recently, as my birthday present to myself, I purchased a new Tivo, the series 3.  I did so now for two reasons: I want to get an HD TV, and the Tivo Series 3 can handle that.  And Tivo is offering a transfer of the lifetime sign up from the old to the new Tivo box.

When I got my Tivo, one of the subscription options was "lifetime".  Pay around $250 and it would work as long as it lasted.  The alternative was like $12 a month, so this represented a savings in the long term.  It was a good deal for me, 4 years later.  Tivo charges $199 for this "transfer", but I suppose they are fighting for their lives, now that DVRs are easy, and done by everyone.  It is still a good deal in the long run.  Better than paying monthly for Tivo to be active.

I called today to get two <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cable_card" title="Cable Card">cable cards</a> from Time Warner Cable for the Tivo.  The next step is to actually get a HD television set.  That is the Christmas gift.

Also, just because, I got a USB WiFi adapter for the series 2 box (the old one), just because,  mostly.  Took a couple of tries to get it working, but it does work now.  The new Tivo has an Ethernet port, so now I gotta figure out how to get Ethernet to the living room.  I'm out of long Ethernet cables.

