---
layout: post
title: "Vegas 2006: Monday - The Trip There"
datestr: December 04, 2006
---

Got up early-ish (9AM) and flew to Las Vegas today, missing a connecting flight and thus missing a show I wanted to see.  I was supposed to be in Vegas by 5 or so, but didn't get in until almost midnight.  Not the best travel experience I've ever had, but then, I was flying American Airlines.

The whole reason for this was to use up an <a href="http://www.aa.com">American Airlines (AA)</a> credit on a ticket. So I had to fly AA and suffer. My airline of choice is <a href="http://www.united.com">UA (United Airlines, also UAL)</a>, where all my miles and status is. I expected to get shitty seats, indifferent service, and I was not disappointed on either expectation. You simply do not count as an AA customer worth treating well without frequent flyer status. This is to be expected in this day of no privacy, and the information processing power to track exactly who you are making your money from. Thus it was that I had shitty seats on all the flights except the initial LGA to ORD segment.

The actual trip to Vegas sucked dead, burnt, bunnies. For no apparent reason at all, we sat on the ground a Lagardia for an hour or so. Weather here in NYC was pretty clear, and there were no reports of nasty weather in Chicago either. Despite the fact that when a single airport is screwed up connecting flights are usually screwed up too at that airport, my connecting flight to Vegas had long since gone when I arrived at the gate. Actually missing a connecting flight happens so infrequently that I don't actually remember the last time it happened. It must have though, at least a couple of times.

I ended up waiting 5 hours for the next flight. This meant I missed seeing Cirque du Soleil's &quot;O&quot; at Bellagio monday night. But oh well, Tara the Travel Agent said they are supposed to refund my ticket, which is not something they'll claim to do. The actual flight to Vegas was uneventful, in and of itself, I just got to the hotel at midnight, Vegas time.

