---
layout: post
title: "Night and Day: SprintPCS and Verizon"
datestr: December 08, 2006
---

I had decided quite a while ago that it was time to get a new cell phone.  My reason had to do with wanting a Bluetooth phone for wireless headsets.  I had kind of settled on one of the newer <a href="http://www.motorola.com/" title="Motorola">Motorola</a> phones, the <a href="http://www.motorola.com/motoinfo/product/details.jsp?globalObjectId=69" title="Motorola Razor">Razor</a> or <a href="http://promo.motorola.com/krazr/index.html" title="Motorola Krzr">KRZR</a> (pronounced "krazor"), but was open to whatever there was out there.

And then while in Vegas my cell phone wouldn't stay turned on, even plugged into the charger or with a full battery indicator.  It had times were it would work, but it would usually die in the middle of trying to listen to my voicemail or something. A new battery didn't help. <a href="http://www.sprint.com/" title="Sprint">Sprint</a> said it wasn't them when I called to check, and to consider replacing the phone.

So I went to my local Sprint store here in Astoria, a store I hadn't been to lately.  I'd had some bad experiences in other Sprint stores in Manhattan lately.  I was hoping that the local, Astoria, store, would help, as they had always seemed to be ahead of the curve for me in the past.

Again, it seems Sprint has given up on selling mobile phones from their stores.

First problem, was that some lady asked to take my name and put me on a list for service.  I suppose this makes sense, since my experiences in Sprint in the past were kind of like a rugby scrum.  I was 5th on the list, I counted 9 other people or couples waiting, and a total of 6 employees.

After waiting 10 mins, my turn came, but not from the employees in the front, where I would have guessed, given I told them I didn't know what phone I wanted to get, but one of the stations in the back.  The woman there proceded to tell me that I could get $75 off any phone in the store.  I told her which one I wanted, and was told I could have that one for $50 dollars more, after rebate, than Sprint's web site said it costed, after rebate.

I argued, and when the manager came over, he said they didn't have the phone I was looking at.  Or anything like it.  In fact, once I asked, it became obvious that out of the 15 or so phone models Sprint had that aren't PDAs, they had only two of them in stock.

I walked out.

This was the last straw.  If Sprint doesn't want me to buy a phone from them, then I won't.  There is a Verizon store half a block away....

So I'm now a Verizon customer.

How could I not be?  The Verizon store had at least 9 people serving 6 customers, and the kid who helped me was "up", listened to me, and seemed to enjoy what he was doing enough to do it right.  I got the phone I wanted.  I used the occasion to get off the $200/month unlimited minute plan I no longer need into a 2000 minute plan that is more like what I probably need now.

When I asked, they managed to transfer all the names in my old Sprint phone into the new Verizon phone.  It would have been better if they had been able to transfer the phone numbers with the names, and they tried twice, but they couldn't get it done.  So even if I have to put the numbers in again, at least I know who to put numbers in for.

The only other casualty would be voicemail, but I think I had it cleared out.

Everyone I know who is on Verizon says they get fantastic customer service.  I would have to say that things started out on a pretty good note for me.

