---
layout: post
title: "Yet Another Las Vegas Trip (YALVT) - Vegas 2006"
datestr: December 08, 2006
---

I've been on a couple weeks of vacation, and the first week I stayed home and tried to remember to be domestic. Specifically, the place needs to be cleaned up. Badly, needs to be cleaned up. This week, Monday, I got on an airplane and went to Las Vegas. I just got home.

I went to Vegas last year for my birthday, and ended up changing my tickets from American to Frontier airlines because I changed my plans slightly. Thus, I had a American Airlines credit that needed to be booked before the end of Wednesday before Thanksgiving. I found out about this detail, Tuesday before thanksgiving. I couldn't think of anywhere to go, other than where it was originally booked to, Vegas. I could have booked, and then cancelled again, I think to give the ticket another year, but each time you do that they charge you $100, and it wasn't a really expensive ticket to start with.

The plan was, fly out Monday, stay at the <a href="http://www.wynnlasvegas.com/">Wynn Las Vegas</a>, see Cirque duSoliel shows O, Ka, and Mystere Monday thru Wednesday nights. I was going to rely on <a href="http://www.wynnlasvegas.com/">Wynn</a> hotel restaraunts for dinner plans. I was was not going to do any tours, and going to try to maybe do some shopping or something during the days. I was planning on staying up late in the casinos, and sleep in late.

I had a great time, even though I'm sick and tired of Vegas now. It helped some that the Wynn is such a great place to stay. And it helped more that I didn't bring any computers along with me, so I had nothing to do in the room, and was forced to go out and find things to do. And for the most part, I found things to do, or just places to go, and ended up having a good time at it.

