---
layout: post
title: "Owning an Apple iBrick.... Er, iPhone"
datestr: July 01, 2007
---

I haven't had a current model  mobile phone for the most part since I bought my first one 12 years ago.  I value phones that are small enough to fit in my pocket, and choose flip-phones so I don't have to deal with locking and unlocking them to keep from making calls from my pocket.  And I've kept every mobile I've owned for 3 or 4 years.  Recently, I got a Razor when I <a href="http://www.munged.org/saga/406.html" title="Night and Day: SprintPCS and Verizon">switched my service to Verizon</a>.  I've since discovered that I don't like Verizon's phone menus (they have their own and all phones share it), and I don't like the Razor because it is to thin for me to hold in my hands for long times.

So I decided that when Apple's iPhone came out, I'd get one relatively soon after the launch.  It finally works, 22 hours after I got it.

The story, from the beginning:

I was on a waiting at ORD for a flight home Friday night at 6 PM EDT when they started selling iPhones.  I had missed my flight, and ended up getting home at 12:30 AM.  I was not only still awake, but still wound up from the flight, so I decided that since the <a href="http://www.apple.com/retail/fifthavenue/">flagship Apple store</a> is "close" and open 24-hours a day, I'd go check it out.  I was ready for them to still be working thru the line, or be out of stock.  But I went.

I need not have worried.  There was no line outside.  I walked in, went down the steps, and the store was about as busy at 1:30 AM as it would have been on a normal weekday night during prime-time.  The line to actually get an iPhone was no longer than the check-out line normally is, about 4 people deep.

I picked up a couple of accessories (extra charger and cable, Bluetooth earphone with a USB charger) and headed to the line for the phone.

When I got to the counter, I asked for an 8 Gig iPhone in addition to my small pile of stuff.  In a fit of willpower, I did not also ask for an 8-core Mac Pro.  I was proud of myself.  The lady told me they were out of 8 Gig phones.  This is after the guys at the door had told me they had plenty left.  I wasn't going to buy the 4 gig model.  Having to live with only 8 Gig of music was going to be hard enough.  Without a word I turned away to put my accessories back, heartbroken.

As I turned away, she said "Kidding!".  I turned back.  Stared at her long and hard.  Then I said "That was mean, you are SOOOOOOO fired."  Then we joked and had a good time while she completed the order.

The iPhone is activated via iTunes if you don't get one at an AT&T store.  So I brought it back home, opened up the box, and plugged it into my Mac.  The steps to go thru are not hard, and other than insisting that my address doesn't have a hyphen in it, it all went well.  I chose to transfer my old cell number, and I picked 1000 minutes.  Then iTunes told me "Your activation requires additional time to complete."  That was at 2:30 AM Saturday morning.

It is now 11:30 Sunday morning, and it still requires additional time, more than 21 hours later.  So I'm on the phone to the iPhone support desk at AT&T.  It took 3 tries to get into the queue for an operator, rather than be rolled into voice mail.  My desk phone said the call was 48 minutes long, but I got to a human finally, and Jeff got my activation done.

Now, I get to play around setting this thing up.  It will be a while before it starts receiving calls, but that hardly matters unless it stretches into the work day tomorrow.

