---
layout: post
title: "Beast Dies (Mostly)"
datestr: March 30, 2007
---

"Beast", my dual processor G4 Macintosh might finally be dead.  Partly from my unwillingness to resurrect it this time.

The DVD drive has not been ejecting reliably lately.  Which has made it kinda hit-and-miss for watching DVDs on it while I'm using Fire, the main machine.  Last night, I was watching Lewis Black's "Red White & Screwed" on DVD while playing Everquest, and I could not get the DVD to eject when I was done with it.  So I rebooted the machine, holding down the mouse button to eject the DVD (which worked), and now it is hanging on a crossed circle "NO" symbol on bootup.

I haven't yet done anything in the way of diagnostics, but this would seem to indicate a lack of a bootable volume to start from, which would indicate that the last of the 3 hard drives it came with has finally locked up forever.  It could be something easy to fix, but I'm thinking that I'll just replace it now.

Mostly I use it for web browsing during games, and movies while working on my main machine.  So an iMac might just be the thing to replace it.

Still, it is sad.  This is the computer that I got as a serious machine for home, when my last Windows box had died and I was outgrowing the iMac DV I had then.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Okay, turns out it isn't dead.  After sitting for a few hours, it started right up.  Guess I just shouldn't turn it off until I have some time to let it sit and cool down.

Wook
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Wookie at April  2, 2007 12:32 AM</div> </blockquote>

