---
layout: post
title: "Done With College, Finally (Sorta)"
datestr: June 13, 2007
---

I was going thru some old junk mail today, while looking for some receipts for 6-month old expenses, when I ran across an envelope from the people I consolidated my student loans thru.  And after a little more looking, I found 3 more.  Normally, I only hear from these people once a year when they send me my payment booklet, which I promptly throw away since I use PayTrust to pay my bills.  I haven't seen or dicked with this payment in years.  I set it up once way way way back when, and PayTrust has dutifully payed it once a month ever since.

The idea that these payments would ever end has never really occurred to me.

The form letters contained in these talked about the upcoming end of my loan payments.  Including one that more or less begged me to stop sending them money.

So I stopped sending them money.

I spent a lot of money going to college to not finish.  But I did learn something important.  Sometimes getting out and doing is a far better course.  It was for me, and I know a fair number of people who agree with me.

I wish I could have stayed and finish my degree, but in the end, I'm doing to well in business to stop to finish my degree.  I do intend to finish a degree at some point.  It won't be in information technology, unless I find some cause that drives me to it.  Information technology is relevant to modern day life, but not to actually living or enjoying it.  I will probably do something like literature, or marine biology.  And I'll probably stop and do it when I retire, to give me something to do, to keep me young.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Congratulations, Wook!

I, personally, am extremely happy that you went to college. Otherwise, we wouldn't have met you.

BTW, when are you going to tell everyone about your hair?  ;)
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Haley at June 15, 2007 04:46 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
What hair? Peach fuzz, maybe. Still, I understand that it was time for a change.

Diane
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Diane at June 25, 2007 02:13 PM</div> </blockquote>

