---
layout: post
title: "Refrigerator Magnets"
datestr: December 04, 2007
---

If you are like me, and I'm sure you are, you probably walk around all day wondering "What kind of commie-pinko corporation would make a refrigerator that magnets won't stick to?"

I now have an answer to this dilemma, and that answer is: General Electric.  I have one of their "Profile" fridges in my new place, and refrigerator magnets won't stick to it.

If you like me, and I'm still sure you are, you'd also walk around all day wondering "What kind of commie-pinko landlord would put such a travesty into an apartment that they rent?"  And I'd like to say the people that I'm renting from, but when I asked the leasing lady about it, she had no idea.  So I doubt there's some kind of conspiracy, at least not at the level of people who actually talk to the tenants.

But now I have to somehow learn to cope with living an a really nice new apartment, in a nice "new" neighborhood, with a fridge I can't stick photos, phone numbers, menus, coloring book pages from old girlfriends or the kids downstairs onto.

And things were going so well too.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Do you have one of those stylish stainless steel refrigerators? Those don't hold magnets. If it's not stainless steel, then there certainly is a conspiracy. Probably by minimalists who want to deprive everyone of their comfortable clutter.

Get a memo board that holds magnets?

Oh, and how's the broken ankle?
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Haley at December 15, 2007 02:12 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
The fridge in our RV wouldn't take magnets either, but that's because it was wood-grain-effect plastic: <a href="http://www.where-rv-now.com/Notes/Tour/smFridge.jpg" rel="nofollow">http://www.where-rv-now.com/Notes/Tour/smFridge.jpg</a>

Strangely enough, the stainless-steel-effect that the manufacturer switched to later the same year WOULD hold magnets - they must have been too cheap for real SS.
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: String at February  6, 2008 12:17 PM</div> </blockquote>

