---
layout: post
title: "Blu Ray I Own"
datestr: April 22, 2008
---

The first Blu-Ray disks I own showed up in the mail from Amazon today.

Some day soon, I'll decide on a Blu-Ray player, and be able to watch them on my TV.

My selections pretty much are movies I will probably always own myself, no matter what the current media format is:
<dl>
<dt>2001: A Space Odyssey</dt>
<dd>A classic, I'd own it even if I didn't want to see how it looks in HD quality.</dd>
<dt>Blade Runner</dt>
<dd>I'm really tired of all the "final complete there will be no other" versions of this movie.  But the 5-disk set at $27 was a deal for all the versions.</dd>
<dt>Edward Scissorhands</dt>
<dd>A creative, whimsical movie, that caught my imagination.</dd>
<dt>The Fifth Element</dt>
<dd>A stupid story that only gets dumber as the movie progresses, but it has some creative, fun moments.</dd>
<dt>Gattaca</dt>
<dd>One of the few actual science fiction movies in existence.  Stands out from all the science fantasy films out there like Star Trek and Star Wars.</dd>
<dt>Pirates of the Caribbean</dt>
<dd>Just fun, and so well done.</dd>
<dt>Robocop</dt>
<dd>A cult classic.  So I guess I belong to a cult.</dd>
<dt>The Usual Suspects</dt>
<dd>A mind-fuck of a story.  Well acted.</dd>
</dl>

I also got a TV setup disk, which should be usefull, since movies on DVD are intended for such different visual environment than TV is.  And picture default settings on most TVs are so out of wack with reality, you pretty much have to have something.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Doing things a little bit backward, are we Wook?
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: haleyhughes at April 26, 2008 12:46 AM</div> </blockquote>

