---
layout: post
title: "Pooping On the Plane"
datestr: August 22, 2008
---

When I came home from India with a full blown case of the galloping collywobbles, I went to the doctor.  That doctor sent to another one.  The final medical diagnosis: eat more fiber.  So I have been.

And the results have been predictable: I just got done taking a dump in an aircraft lavatory, into a Boeing, old-style, crapper.  I managed to drop trou, shit what seemed like an enormous turd, wipe up, and get all arranged and dressed in a space so small you have to step outside to change your mind.

It was pretty satisfying, really.  That shit dropped thru the swinging drap-door like thing with a satifying, metalic, "clunk-chunk" noise, not once, but three times.  Remember: eating more fiber.  There is also the cabin air pressure factor too.  I felt like my colon was two or three times normal pressure.  Also probably due to fiber.  At flight altitude, the air pressure in aircraft cabin is roughly equivalent to being at 10,000 feet above sea level which means the normal intestinal pressure is even higher than normal if I'd been at sea level in NYC.  The metal flap at the bottom of the bowl makes a clanging noise normally, but the sound is muffled by the fact that my ass is covering the bowl.

So imagine if you will: The shit didn't just drop thru the metal swinging flap.  It shot out of me at speed, and hit the metal flap and made a ass-muffled sound that was as satisfying as the noise made by slamming the door of an expensive car.

I'm always surprised that the poo drops right thru the swinging door at the bottom.  I try not to need to shit on aircraft, but the urge presents itself from time to time, specially on long flights like SFO to JFK (5 hours 50 minutes).  Every time I've taken a crap on a plane, I'm surprised my private Mr. Hanky isn't sitting on the side of the bowl, or crawling up the back or something.  Not sure why I'm surprised.  It's not like the anus is located in a region of the body it takes geography to describe.  Maybe I just expect that everyone sits on the toilet seat differently or something.  Or maybe it's just that when nobody talks about something, you always assume your experience is unique in some undefined way you'd rather not speculate about.

Toilets on airplanes are basically porta-pottys, and work the same way.  So the toilet paper has to disolve in the same solution the shit disolves in, which means it's thin and nasty on your ass.  Not the nice soft, strong, paper I use at home that is so thick a normal ass-wiping uses enough to make the roll visibly smaller each time.  Not a whole lot you can do about this.  The cleanex isn't any stronger or softer.  Paper towels aren't either, and they also clog and break the toilet, which would be bad in case you need to go again before you land.
<blockquote>
Ahh, Turd-dropper, when you can clang the metal receptacle three times in one shitting, you will be ready to leave that place...
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Diane at September  8, 2008  9:41 PM</div> </blockquote>

