---
layout: post
title: "Who Won The Superbowl?"
datestr: February 03, 2008
---

I ask this, because I'll be on an airplane for pretty much the entire time the game is on.  I won't know, until I get where I'm flying.  The pilots may announce the winner on the plane, I suppose.  Maybe I won't know until tomorrow morning.

Why did I opt to fly during the time the game will be on?  Short answer: Because I just can't find it in me to give a shit about it.

This may seems harsh, I suppose.  This is the culmination of the whole NFL schedule.  The two best teams in the country going head to head for bragging rights for cities with millions of supporters.  How could I not get involved?

Well, I enjoy football.  I do really like it.  But what I like is watching it with my friends.  Talking about it.  Agreeing or not with questionable calls on the field.  Ranting about how idiotic the announcers and color commentators are.  Downing mass quantities of beer and bar food.  But if I have to watch it by myself, I'd rather get on the computer and do some WoW or mess around with photos.  The fun isn't the game.  It's just a game, presented with so many distractions that without someone else around to fill in the gap, I get bored and wander away from the TV.

My friends downstairs are out of town this weekend due to a death in the family.  My ankle kinda makes the idea of going out of town to Dave and Haley's seem like to much work and needless walking on it.  So when I was agonizing how I was going to fly today and get to where I'm supposed to be this week AND see the game, I suddenly had the realization that I don't actually care who wins.  The actual game isn't why I enjoy watching it.  Hell, the last couple of years the even the commercials have been a disappointment.

There may be a bennefit to flying during the superbowl:  I should have the flights all to myself.  When they ask what seat I want at checkin, I'll just say "The ones on the left."  LGA is certainly quiet for a Sunday night, a time normally mobbed with business people trying to get to their Monday-morning appointments.

So here I sit, in the United Airlines Red Carpet Club, getting ready to pack up and board an aircraft to take me to a flyover state.

### Comments

<blockquote>
In case you haven't seen a headline yet: Giants won! 

We would have loved to have you over for the game. It was a good one. 

And you would have loved seeing the look on Dave's face when the Giants scored that last touchdown. Not because of the  touchdown, so much, but because Mike, our one New Yorker in residence, got so excited he jumped over Eric on the floor and came within 6 inches of running into Dave's giant television. :-)
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Haley at February  4, 2008 08:04 AM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
WOW - It was a great ending and thanfully the large screen tv lived!

Wook may I add that you were in Reston in October and did not call - that is well just wrong. Reston is at best 20 min from my house on a good day in the mini 10 min. 

Can you update me with your new address when you have time.

Caela
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Caela at February  4, 2008 10:21 AM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
The captain on the IAD to MCI flight announced each score and the final.  The whole plane was shocked.  I know this, because right after the announcement of the final, a guy towards the front announced to nobody in particular "Well, now I have to drink 2 gallons of blue Cool-Aid."  Nobody seemed surprised he'd have to do something so silly.
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Wookie at February  4, 2008 03:49 PM</div> </blockquote>

