---
layout: post
title: "In The Land of No 3G"
datestr: August  9, 2008
---

As noted in the previous entry, I'm in Des Moines, where AT&T does not yet have any 3G mobile phone service.  They only started rolling out 3G a while ago, and Des Moines is not one of those places that seems important to the large carriers.  (Or maybe, Des Moines doesn't seem like it's important to the large carriers based on how they treat their customers.  But that's true of most large companies.)

I'm trying to decide if it is ironic that I was finally able to get a 16 Gig iPhone, as an upgrade to my 8 Gig iPhone, here in Des Moines.  It might be ironic, because the new iPhone is a 3G device, and I got it in a city that doesn't have that service.  Or, is completely logical, because people here haven't been flocking to the damn things because they don't have 3G service here and thus I was able to find one.

I should note, I want a new iPhone because I want a 16 Gig version to replace the 8 Gig one I have currently.  All my music and podcasts I want to take with me (a subset, I have 34 Gig of music files) do not fit on a 8 Gig iPhone, but would on a 16 Gig phone.  So I want to upgrade.  There is a real data speed improvement, but I'm not convinced it will do much for me because mostly I want to use the iPhone's web browser in places that have heavy WWAN data traffic.  Like airports, to check flight times.

At the main Apple store in NYC on 5th Avenue, a store that is otherwise open 24-hours a day, they only sell them for part of the day 8:30AM to 11:00 PM I think, and you have to wait in line for a couple of hours.  And there is a line.  Every single day, there is a line.  I've checked.  More than once.  The store in Leahwood, Kansas, near where I was at a customer site recently, never had them in.  The other two Apple stores in NYC didn't have any in stock when I would check them.

But I woke up early today, and had made an appointment to have my old phone reparied at this Apple store.  The mall is across the street from this hotel, so thinking maybe they'd have a new iPhone, I went there early, and they did.  I bought one.  My old phone is now basically an iPod Touch.  But it has a battery problem I'm not going to fix now, so I'll probably just turn it in to Apple for them to recycle it.

I'm using the new phone, it's activated and everything, it's just using AT&T's Edge network here, which is what the old non-3G iPhone used.

