---
layout: post
title: "Salmonella"
datestr: January 22, 2009
---

Yesterday morning, I had a Clif bar for breakfast, which was a new thing for me.  I got two boxes of the chocolate peanut butter bars in the last grocery shipment.  I didn't want the chocolate ones, but whatever, I'll get the ones I want next order.  All part of the Wookie Improvement Project, to eat differently.

Wednesday afternoon, I was feeling a little pukey, so I left work early to get some sleep, since I had to get up early Thursday.  I got home tonight, after having suffered thru all day of "stomach flu" symptoms, and checked my email.  FreshDirect sent an important email saying that something <a href="http://www.fda.gov/oc/opacom/hottopics/salmonellatyph.html">I bought had been recalled because the FDA was investigating some peanut company for salmonella.</a>

I have every, fucking, symptom of salmonella.  And two boxes of recalled Clif bars in the cupboard.  Go figure.

Supposedly, it usually goes away in less than a week.  (Oh joy, should be an exiting weekend.)  But I'm going to go check in with my doctor tomorrow morning anyway.  Just in case.  The biggest imediate danger seems to be dehydration, which I seem to be able to keep ahead of so far.

EDIT: Doctor says antibiotics and Gatorade.  When I asked him (not my doctor, she wasn't in today) about having <a href="http://www.munged.org/saga/497.html">to many anti-biotics</a>, he recommended I take them, because it can be serious and I do have all the symptoms including, it turns out, a mild fever.

### Comments

<blockquote>
Wow. Of all the stupid bad luck. I hope you're feeling better soon. Very soon.
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: haleyhughes at January 26, 2009  7:20 PM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
And, I quote the man from India, "you no like blessing???" That's all I could think of when I read your post.  Maybe it's time to accept blessings.  So, blessings on you always, all ways.  :)  Sorry about the 'Sam and Ella' -- that's a big ICK.  Just know that with modern chemistry any thoughts of needing to die in order to feel better WILL pass.
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Becky from Iowa at January 27, 2009 11:12 AM</div> </blockquote>
<blockquote>
Yeah, I guess I didn't like the blessing, so now I'm cursed.  Maybe my new remote personal assistant, who is in India, can fix this for me.  I'll have to ask her.
<div class="post-meta">Posted by: Wookie at January 27, 2009  8:12 PM</div> </blockquote>

