---
layout: post
title: A Take on the 2016 MacBook Pro
author: Wook
date: 2016-11-01
tags: 
 - Apple
 - Macbook Pro
 - Computers 
 - Reactions
---

Apple had their ["Hello Again"][] event last week, and announced new Macbook Pros.
Reaction to them by pro users has been pretty vociferous.  Most of the reaction
has been negative.

The issues usually mentioned are:

- No MagSafe charging connector
- No SD card slot
- Only USB-C / Thunderbolt 3 ports
- No dongles included for other Apple devices
- The Touch Bar
- No touch screen
- No "Esc" or escape key
- No function keys
- 4 year old hardware
- Limited to 16 Gigabytes of memory

There's kind of a lot going on here, and I feel like it would be hard to address
all of it.  Every item is a valid complaint, but not to everyone.

For instance, I don't care about the SD card slot.  I primarily use CF cards,
because they're faster, have more storage, and are easier to use.  I have a
good USB card reader that reads SD, CF, and other cards that aren't even made
any more.

My big issue is the keyboard.  The lack of a physical escape key is a huge issue
for me.  I spend much of my working day in the vim editor on Linux, and escape
is a big part of how that's used.  The rest of my days is spent in an IDE that
puts commands I use a lot, such as "rename", and "copy" on function keys.

Why is this a problem?  You might think you can have these things on the Touch
Bar.  You can, but do this experiment:

Draw 12 boxes in a row on a piece of paper.  Label the 6th one "Rename".  Now
cover the paper with a big towel, and stick your hands under the towel.  You
can't look under the towel.  Now put your left index finger on the "rename" box.

That is exactly what typing on a pane of glass, touch or otherwise, is like.
You must be able to see it, to use it.  While that's fine for people who use
function keys rarely, if at all, it isn't for pros that use them constantly.

The other issue I see is that the "buttons" on the Touch Bar will not be as
narrow as the function key it replaces.  Every picture I've seen of it so far
that shows an "escape" key, shows it being much wider than the escape key on
a normal keyboard.  

[Hello Again]: http://www.apple.com/apple-events/october-2016/
